Curro Heuwelkruin is known for its spectacular stage productions and other presentations thus the announcement of the school as winner of the annual Bestmed You ve got the power video challenge came as no surprise. Kruinies won five cash prizes for compiling the best videos. The challenge required learners and their families to showcase the benefits of healthy living by creating unique, cool and fun music videos. Videos are judged on performance ability, entertainment value, effort and originality, Bestmed Communications Specialist: Public Relations and Corporate Social Investment Bafihlile Mokoena said. Marketing and Communications Manager at Bestmed, Sasja la Grange reportedly said: With summer here, it s a great time to come up with vibrant and creative ideas for keeping healthy at school and at home. We are pleased with the number of entries we have received to date and wish to afford everyone an opportunity to become a part of this exciting programme. Bestmed local tied agent, Chrismar Healthcare Consultants sponsored all individual cash prizes, Chrismar owner, Fred Hurter with Bestmed: Marketing and Distribution s Margo Kruger visited Kruinies last week to make the announcement and hand over the cash prizes. The Foundation Phase won the overall second prize of R1 000 while Lara-Lisa Senekal won R750 as best individual entry. The high school educators video was voted tops in the best participation category and received R1 500 while the Grade 11 drama learners walked away with R2 000 as overall grade winners. Kruinies was announced the overall national winners and took home a R20 000 cash prize sponsored by Bestmed Medical Scheme. Included in the prize is a concert by musicians from The Voice SA with all proceedings to go to the school. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The Foundation Phase is overall second place winners. At the back are educator Geraldine Dosantos, Bestmed: Marketing and Distribution s Margo Kruger, high school Principal Jaco Haasbroek and Chrismar owner Fred Hurter. Best individual winner is Lara-Lisa Senekal in front. At the back are Jaco Haasbroek, Margo Kruger and Fred Hurter. Educators who share R1 500 prize money are Carol-Lynn Nel and Stebian van der Walt, in front, with Irma Lottering, Marina Els, Helena Cilliers, Chante de Vos, Nicole Senekal, Wilma Enslin and Marlise Vermeulen in the middle. At the back are Mynie Nel, Beatrix Nieuwoudt, Estelle Snyman, Fred Hurter, Jaco Haasbroek, Johan Marx and Juan Vos. The overall winning grade is the Grade 11 drama learners. In front are Jay-Cee Davis, drama educator Nicole Senekal and Kaela Steyn. At the back are Arno Horn, Ndlali Ledwaba, Maite Rakabe, Jaco Haasbroek, Fred Hurter, Margo Kruger, Eduard Rautenbach, Chantelle Steyn en Luca Prenzler.