Disgruntled members of the Seshego community have indicated their intention to resort to mob justice should the allegedly lethargic response by members of the Seshego Police in dealing with reported crimes not improve. They are accusing Police of being lenient towards criminals and ignoring reported cases. A resident of Zone 2 who spoke to Polokwane Observer on condition of anonymity said this tendency was creating fertile ground for criminal elements who know that when they commit a crime they may be arrested, go to jail and be back on the street the following day. We understand that the justice system is flawed but the Police should at least do their job because that is the career they chose and they should respect it, the person stated. He illustrated the problem by describing how the murder of a friend was treated by Seshego Police. My friend was fatally stabbed and we called the police. They turned up two days later at his house for investigation. They could not come to the crime scene. What irks us is that the suspects in this incident are still roaming the streets and nothing is being done to them. Adding to their frustration was the fact that, once they finally managed to get a contact number for the investigating officer in the case and called him they were told that he was busy with the by-elections. We are hurt because we always thought Police are supposed to focus on their jobs and nothing else, the resident said. Other residents claim that state prosecutors solicit bribes from criminals. It is a battle of those with heavy pockets, one remarked. My friend was stabbed earlier this year and was scheduled to appear before the Seshego Magistrate s Court on 22 August. On the day he went to the court to ask in which courtroom the case would be heard. He was given the wrong room resulting in the suspect appearing alone and my friend being penalised for not being present. The question is why he was given the wrong information. This is a serious transgression on the side of the prosecutor. One wonders what happened to fairness and fair practise. Bribes won t take these prosecutors anywhere. Another complainant alleged that investigating officers do not update complainants about the progress in their cases. For instance there was this person who was never told the date of his court appearance. He was never subpoenaed only to find out later that his court date had been postponed. The person also told of a woman living in Madiba Park who had reported a missing person on 25 October yet has to date not heard a word about the case. When approaching the investigating officer she was allegedly told that he was busy. It is sad because Police are supposed to be there for community members, the resident said. Having made the point about resorting to mob justice the last source said: It is not that we cannot apprehend these criminals ourselves, we can, but we respect the law. There is a boy from a well-off family in Zone 1. He has everything a young man can dream of. There is a fleet of cars at his house and he is busy robbing people of their belongings because he has backup from his family. They have spoilt him and when a case is brought against him they jump and bribe the complainant to drop the case. We are concerned as community members. We cannot live in fear because of criminals who capitalise on the weaknesses and lack of commitment of Police officials. Spokesperson for Seshego Police Station Ernest Maluleke in response to Polokwane Observer s inquiry into the matter said whenever cases are reported community members have high expectations of Police officers. Police officers are human beings employed by the State and mandated by Section 205 of the Constitution. They are doing their best, he stated. As to the allegations against state prosecutors Maluleke said he was unable to comment on the matter but advised community members to verify their dockets upon court appearance. Story &amp; photo: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za Featured photo: The entrance to the Seshego Police Station.