Police in the province continue to conduct regular, extensive intelligence led operations to eradicate crime and this Festive Season will be no different. Police in Polokwane launched their Festive Season campaign in the form of an operation in and around the city on Friday. Despite heavy rain officers continued with individual searches as well as road blocks on all major routes in and out of the city. The event was concluded at Limpopo Mall where the community were briefed on how to stay safe during the Festive Season. Last week two separate operations were conducted successfully in Maake and Lebowakgomo where 131 kg of dagga were confiscated. Provincial Police Spokesperson Moatshe Ngoepe said three suspects were arrested on charges of possession of and dealing in dagga on Thursday. The trio aged 50, 33 and 35 was expected to appear in the Lenyenye Magistrate s Court on Monday. Ngoepe had no further details on the court appearance. Bags of dagga with a street value of R270 000 confiscated during Police operations in the Maake area yesterday. The operation was conducted by the provincial Crime Intelligence Drug Unit, provincial detectives, Tactical Response Team and Tzaneen Cluster Crime Intelligence unit. Ninety kilograms of dagga allegedly originating from Swaziland and with a street value of R270 000 were confiscated, Ngoepe said. Police also impounded two bakkies seemingly used in the transportation of the dagga. An intelligent driven operation resulted in the arrest of a 26-year-old suspect and the confiscation of almost 42 kg of dagga in Maletlane Village outside Lebowakgomo last Wednesday. The suspect is charged with possession of dagga and will appear in the Magatle Magistrate s Court for bail application during the week. The value of the dagga is estimated at R123 000. A BMW and Ford Ranger bakkie were also confiscated, Ngoepe said. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photos: The group of Police officers gather before setting off on patrol of the Polokwane lower CBD. Bags of dagga weighing almost 42 kg found in a vehicle during a Police operation in Magatle. Polokwane Police Head of Visible Policing Lucas Thlako searches a man s bag at a bar in the city centre. &nbsp;