Municipal workers are currently doing excavations in Landdros Mar extension/Pafuri Avenue in Penina Park to provide improved power supply to Waterland. Amid claims from residents who are up in arms over a new power line being installed to what is perceived to be private property, it was established that the project is funded by the Polokwane Municipality. The Waterland facility is the property of Polokwane Municipality and is leased out. The municipality was requested to indicate whether there is a valid lease agreement in place and what necessitated the work. Following information obtained from a source, the municipality was also requested to comment on an allegation that the tenant s account with the municipality is in arrears to an astronomical amount. Matshidiso Mothapo, acting Communications and Marketing Manager of the municipality, in reply said that the property s electricity is currently connected through an overhead line and of late it is experiencing a number of power supply interruptions that affects business operations at the facility. As a solution to deal with the problem permanently, an underground cable is now being installed to supply the facility. It is council property and therefore the municipality is paying for it just like with any other maintenance and repairs that is undertaken on our infrastructure. This is done purely for maintenance purposes, Mothapo reported. Mothapo also confirmed that the lease on the property is legal. The information relating to the account is personal and confidential between customer and the municipality. However, the state of the account is in line with municipal policies and by-laws. Should the disclosure be required a consent should be obtained from the customer and formal request be done through application as per the law, Mothapo concluded. During the tenure of the previous tenant, numerous complaints were received about visitors obstructing passing traffic and the high noise levels that were experienced especially over weekends. The municipality thereafter undertook to ensure that the lease agreement with the new tenant provides for arrangements to mitigate residents frustrations with the activities at Waterland. The previous manager of Waterland, Jeff Sibanda on Wednesday confirmed to Polokwane Observer that he is still with Waterland but when asked for more information regarding a new lease contract, he refused to discuss the matter further and terminating the call, politely referred enquiries to the municipality. Story and photos: BARRY VILJOEN &gt;&gt;barryv.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Municipal workers busy with excavations for a power line to Waterland in Penina Park. The caf and entertainment area at Waterland.