Concern exists with the Management of Baroka Football Club that supporters of the club who attend home games may be at risk of falling prey to criminal elements. Club Spokesperson, Jimmy Ngobeni said thugs masquerading as soccer fans target and pickpocket their supporters who queue to enter the stadium on match days. This behaviour has been going for a while. We thought it would subside but instead it persists. There are young boys who roam around the stadium on match days targeting our supporters. We have already alerted the Police and our private security about the issue. We are concerned because we want our supporters to come to a match and enjoy it without fear or worry. We urge them to be careful and to avoid parking their cars anywhere else than in the designated parking areas to avoid such incidents. Cases have been reported of supporters cars being broken into by thugs during a match and that is another concern for us, Ngobeni said. We have a big match on Wednesday against Orlando Pirates. It is a category A match and played at night. This is the time where such incidents usually happen. We are calling all our supporters to come in numbers to rally behind the team and we are ensuring their safety, Ngobeni said. Provincial Police Spokesperson, Moatshe Ngoepe has urged supporters to report any incident to them. We have operational centres at the stadium when matches are played there. We request supporters to inform us if they encounter such incidents and we will act quickly, Ngoepe said. Ndavhe Ramakuela, Director of Community Development at Polokwane Municipality said: We have received reports about such cases in the past with supporters coming to us and telling us that they were robbed and mugged. We have reported the matter to the Joint Operational Committee and they are working on the matter. A staunch Baroka supporter spoke on condition of anonymity and said they were disappointed by the security officials from a private company who manned the stadium during their match against Super Sport United on Saturday. The supporter alleged that two security officials manhandled a spectator who was celebrating Baroka s equalising goal in the second half of the match. The poor guy stood in excitement and celebrated a goal for the team he loves and two security officials jumped all over him and grabbed him by his throat. It is wrong for them to act is such a manner. These people are the lifeblood of football and diehard supporters of the team and clients of the league. They are paying to see the games and a certain percentage of the amount goes to the salaries of these security officials but they are not aware. We were disturbed by the incident and to make it worse there was an exchange of unsavoury words. How do you take on an innocent football supporter, these security guards must leave their problems at their homes, the supporter said. Story and photo: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za Featured photo: Supporters of Baroka Football Club in an altercation with security officials after one of them was allegedly manhandled by officials during their match against Super Sport United at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday. An official from an unnamed security company tries to calm down supporters of Baroka Football Club after one of their supporters was allegedly manhandled by security officials at the stadium.