Imagine driving along the coast line with the wind through your hair in a two-door convertible or have your whole family tucked in the cabin of a spacious family car this Festive Season. When you step into the showroom of BB Motors Mazda Polokwane you are left with the choice of treating yourself to a MX-5 sports car or a CX-5 family vehicle which will surely make the Festive Season an unforgettable joyride. The world s favourite sports car, the Mazda MX-5 recently returned for a new generation. This time it is completely new from the ground up. It is lower, lighter and perfectly balanced and takes the roadster experience to a whole new level. Enhanced with SKYACTIV Technology the MX-5 s reputation for driving pleasure is heightened even further with agile handling that responds with breathtaking reflexes causing an even more exhilarating drive than ever. With a 26-year heritage as the world s most popular lightweight sports car, the MX-5 excites every sense like only a true roadster can. The sleek design promotes a greater sense of connection to the open air, and oneness between car and driver. The interior panels envelope the driver feature exterior paintwork for a sport-luxe finish to the cockpit. Quality finishes feature throughout the passenger cabin with all controls intuitively positioned to surround the driver in symmetry for optimal driving position and comfort. A sports car with such fine looks needs a high performing engine to show off even more. The MX-5 boosts a 2,0 litre engine capable of delivering maximum power of 118 kW at 6 000 rpm and torque of 200 Nm at 4 600 rpm. When you are no longer single and you have to provide sophisticated luxury for your wife and ample space for the children, the CX-5 is perfect for any family needs. The CX-5 is one of the smartest Sport Utility Vehicles (SUV) on the road. Mazda is driven forward by the desire to defy convention and they believe that if you can imagine it, they can make it happen. The interior offers sophisticated, driver-oriented sports instrumentation to push-start technology. The steering wheel controls put you in total command of audio, cruise control and Bluetooth functionality while the 7 inch MZD connect screen comes standard and incorporates a multi-information display showing a multitude of information including internet radio functionality through mobile applications. The USB, Bluetooth compatible MZD connect system with CD player works in powerful harmony with six speakers. The Individual and Akera models deliver concert quality through 231 watt Bose premium audio with nine speakers. The CX-5is available in diesel or petrol engines with performance varying from 110 kW to 141 kW making it a high performance SUV packed all kinds of safety features. The CX-5 is designed to protect. Its extremely rigid body integrates a multi-load path structure to redirect crash energy away from the occupant cell. With six built-in airbags all occupants can be ensured of a safe journey. There is a whole host of safety features on the CX-5 including Dynamic Stability Control (DSC) incorporating Traction Control System (TCS) as standard for confident driving under any road conditions, Anti-lock Breaking System (ABS) and Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD) which optimises braking force according to vehicle load and Emergency Brake Assist (EBA) which boosts stopping power at just the right time. If you feel like treating yourself or your family with a new Mazda, visit Mazda Polokwane on the corner of Schoeman and Rissik Street or contact them on 015 001 0200. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The Mazda CX-5 offers enough space and ample safety features for the whole family. If you are a show-off the Mazda MX-5 will definitely turn heads.