Around 250 mountain bike enthusiasts participated in the annual Magoebas kloof MTB Classic hosted by Stanford Lake College (SLC) and Rotary Haenertsburg on Saturday. The 18th edition of the race was characterised by hot weather adding to what is already a tough race. Local rider Alan Gordon smashed the 80 km course record and made one of the hardest single stage races around look easy. SLC s Matthew Wilkinson rounded off a good season by winning the 40 km race while youngster Herman Fourie took the honours in the 20 km. The ladies races were much tighter with all podium winners finishing very close together with Janine Muller having to work hard to stay clear of a strong chase pack throughout the 80 km. Christelle Coetzer showed why she was the 40 km favourite by pushing the ladies pace from the start. All six podium winners in the 40 km distance were junior riders, demonstrating the hard work that schools and coaches in Limpopo are doing. SLC Marketer Rona McGaffiin commented that the future of mountain biking in Limpopo looks bright indeed. She thanked the sponsors who contributed on the day the all riders who took part amid tough conditions all to the benefit of charity. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Shane Friedrichs, Dewald Lotter, second, Matt Wilkinson, winner of the Men s 40 km, Sheldon Muller, third, and Stuart Miller. (photos supplied) Shane Friedrichs, Melanie Melville, runner up, Janine Muller, winner of the 80 km Ladies race, Alison Lingard, second runner up and Stuart Miller. Shane Friedrichs, Julius Cobbett, runner up, Alan Gordon, winner of the 80 km Men s race, Jarad van Zuydam, second runner up and Stuart Miller. Shane Friedrichs with overall men s winners Alan Gordon (80 km), Matt Wilkenson (40 km), Herman Fourie (20 km) and Stuart Miller. SLC Director of Sport and Co-curricular Affairs Shane Friedrichs, Anna Guteirrez, runner up, Christelle Coetzer, winner of the Ladies 40 km, Lara Dando, second runner up and President Rotary Haenertsburg Stuart Miller.