Sport, Arts and Culture MEC Onicca Moloi and Polokwane Executive Mayor Thembi Nkadimeng shared the sentiments of soccer fans across the country by bidding Bafana Bafana well in their Group D match of the Fifa World Cup qualifier against Senegal set to take place at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday. Speaking during a mini welcome ceremony for Bafana Bafana at Polokwane International Airport on Monday Moloi said they are confident that Bafana Bafana will do well against Senegal. The whole province is behind them and we will ensure that there are lots of supporters at the stadium. We actually launched the #FillUpPeterMokabaStadium campaign last week with the aim of creating awareness about the match and the campaign is doing well, Moloi said. Nkadimeng who was also present at the Airport to greet the team said they welcome the team to the City of Stars and them confident they will the match against Senegal. As the city of Polokwane we are happy to host such a match and wish the national team all the best, Nkadimeng said. Senegal, with one previous World Cup tournament under their belt, leads the group with three points while Bafana who appeared in three past tournaments, has one point after a single match. The other two teams, Cape Verde and Burkina Faso have yet to progress beyond the qualifier rounds. Story and photos: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za Featured photo: Polokwane Executive Mayor Thembi Nkadimeng, Bafana Bafana Head Coach, Shakes Mashaba and Sport, Arts and Culture MEC Onicca Moloi during the arrival of Bafana Bafana to the province on Monday. Onicca Moloi, MEC for Sport, Arts and Culture welcomes Bafana Bafana to the province at Polokwane International Airport on Monday. Bafana Bafana players, Thabo Matlaba, Thulani Serero, Andile Jali and Daine Klate during Bafana Bafana s arrival to the province on Monday. Limpopo born Bafana Bafana midfielder, Hlompho Kekana and Sport, Arts and Culture MEC Onicca Moloi during Bafana Bafana s arrival to the province at Polokwane International Airport on Monday.