The city will be bursting at the seams next weekend when 6 000 bikers from across the African continent are expected to descend upon it for the eighth annual Sapa Yopa Rally. Motorbike enthusiasts will be in their element as bikes in all shapes and models rule the city s streets. Sapa Yopa Motorcycle Club President Sarel Nong is thrilled that the Sapa Yopa Rally 2016 will form part of the annual Mapungubwe Arts, Culture and Heritage Festival. The rally runs from 1 December till 4 December and will serve as opening of the Mapungubwe festival starting with a gala dinner at Polokwane Royal on Thursday evening. During the dinner we will introduce new sponsors and expect Polo kwane Executive Mayor Thembi Nkadimeng to deliver an opening address, Nong said. Bikers are expected to be flocking to the city streets from as early as Friday. We have received confirmation of at least 30 international journalists who will cover the event. Bikers will spend most of the day at the main venue, Polokwane Showground to meet and greet and will be joining the pre-party on Friday evening at the same venue, Nong said. The big event will take place on Saturday starting with an aerobics session at Seshego Mall from 08:00 to 10:00 after which bikers will return to the showground to freshen up and prepare for the mass ride to Seshego Zone 2 at 12:00. Bikers will hand out donations at the meeting point in Zone 2 and treat the local community to stunt rides by local and international bikers. They will then return to the showground where Miss Sapa Yopa 2016 will be crowned followed by the big party scheduled to start at 19:00 with big local and international artists such as Big Nuz, Tswyza, DJ Wax Dey, Mashabela, Sumbody, DJ Sox, DJ Jaws, Malwela, Dama Do Bling, Doek on Fleek on the programme. Entry fee for the Miss Sapa Yopa 2016 pageant is R150 and persons between 18 and 29 years can enter. The dress code for competitors is African. To enter SMS the word SAPA to 084 978 0518. Bikers will be returning home from Sunday. The event is even more special this year as we have the Department of Sport, Arts and Culture as well as Limpopo Tourism Agency on board assisting us financially with the main purpose of the event to give back to the community, Nong said. Tickets for the Saturday party are available at Computicket at R100 and those buying at the gate will have to dish out R150 per ticket. For more information contact the event organiser Vitto Mathabatha on 082 761 4242. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Sapa Yopa President Sarel Nong (second from left) leads the mass ride from the showground to Seshego during last year s Sapa Yopa Rally. Spectators can once again look forward to stuntmen entertaining the locals.