Where the trend tended to lean towards jewel colours and a lot of shiny baubles on the Festive Season table over the past few years, this year people are opting for a more natural, earthy approach using items that they can find in their gardens. This is the opinion of Dewald Haynes, Food and Beverage Manager at Bolivia Lodge who showed off his elegant handiwork to Polo kwane Observer. Bolivia Lodge does not offer a Christmas lunch or dinner, but we do host a lot of year-end functions, General Manager Chrezanne Dunkley said. Haynes explained that he used white as a base colour and green, lime and red as accents, keeping the theme simple by using clear glass accessories. I believe each table should have elegant fabric napkins as well as paper napkins for emergencies. A table that is fully set for all the courses also looks more festive, he said. He used different styles of wooden place settings and made under plate frames using disposable plates and leaves from his garden. A five course meal perfectly accompanied the beautiful table, each course paired with a suitable wine starting off with a tomato terrine with ginger and mint accompanied by a sweet Ros to balance the spiciness of the dish. This was followed by a true Bushveld biltong soup with blue cheese and port complemented by freshly baked rye bread, staying with the Ros for this course. The next course was a fresh green Caesar salad with a homemade salad dressing flavoured with anchovies and Dijon mustard. The salad is best accompanied by a crisp Chenin Blanc to bring out the salad s freshness. A hearty warm dish of denningvleis and yellow rice with raisins paired with a Shiraz or Merlot to bring out the Southeast Asian flavours offered a beautiful fullness to the meal, followed by black cherry cheese cake with a pistachio and sesame seed crust. Haynes paired the cheese cake with a delightful cocktail made with equal parts sherry and ginger ale, topped off with orange zest. Story: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Photos: YOLANDE NEL &gt;&gt;observer.yolande@gmail.com Featured photo: Dewald Haynes prepares to serve a five course dinner on their beautifully decorated festive table. A luscious biltong soup with rye bread contrasts against the lightness of the terrine. The natural colours and texture is complemented by clear glass accessories. Dewald Haynes, Food and Beverage Manager at Bolivia Lodge pours a Ros . This chicken Caesar salad is filled with crunchy croutons and topped with a homemade dressing. With white as base colour and accents of green, lime and red, this festive table was plucked from Mother Nature s inspiration. Bolivia Lodge General Manager, Chrezanne Dunkley shows off one of the cocktails available for functions at the lodge. Cape Malay denningvleis with yellow rice and raisins bring richness to the table, tempting the taste buds with a wide range of flavours. A delicious tomato terrine with Melba toast to start off the meal. A few cocktails help liven up the party before dinner begins. Black cherry cheese cake with a pistachio and sesame seed crust.