Alarm raised about the alleged abuse of State resources has drawn attention to a recent invite to a mid-week memorial service in honour of the late mother of Provincial Police Commissioner Nneke Ledwaba. Polokwane Observer was alerted to a call-up instruction &#8211; in the opinion of reliable sources allegedly camouflaged as an invitation on an internal South African Police Services (SAPS) letterhead issued about a fortnight ago. The invitation, of which a copy was forwarded to Polokwane Observer, was reportedly extended by the Deputy Provincial Commissioner for Policing in Limpopo to all Deputy Provincial Commissioners, provincial heads and cluster commanders of the Police in the province two days prior to the memorial service at Moletlane at Ga-Mogotlane in the Zebediela area. It was scheduled for 11:00 on Wednesday, 9 November this year, according to the information contained in the documentation. In the invitation it was further stated that station commanders of Polokwane, Seshego and Groblersdal may attend the service. Lastly the recipients of the invitation were advised that their attendance at the service would be appreciated. Infuriated sources within the ranks alluded to the fact that the use of the letterhead of the Police to extend the particular invitation during office hours in advance, attending the memorial service of a non-member while officially on duty &#8211; at a busy time of year that requires a hands-on approach to crime combating &#8211; and return journeys in Police vehicles to and from the venue by an estimated 30 Police officials were considered tantamount to abuse of State resources. Response from Provincial Police Head of Communication, Liaison and Marketing Motlafela Mojapelo is printed verbatim: To issue an invitation on a Police letterhead is not an abuse of state resources. The invitation in question was done in support of one of our own, who was in bereavement and as Police officials we may support one another during the time of need, such as funerals and memorial services. No member was instructed to attend the memorial and funeral services of the mother of the Provincial Commissioner. Members who attended both services did so according to their own volition. The provincial management never issued any instruction in this regard. An invitation was however issued and those who honoured the invitation did so in accordance with their permitting official and private schedules. It is therefore misleading to surmise that an invitation equals an instruction. In support of one of our own (Police officials) who is in bereavement, Police members may use State resources to do so. With regards to fuel expenditure that was incurred during the visits and whether members put in leave to attend the memorial service, these are internal administrative matters and will be dealt with internally. We must however mention that no member will claim financial compensation for the kilometres travelled. Story: YOLANDE NEL &gt;&gt;observer.yolande@gmail.com