The board of the World Restoration Church in Hospital View in Seshego has opened a case of malicious damage against community members from Hospital View and Zone 1 who allegedly damaged a building and tent on its premises last week. A resident who spoke on condition of anonymity explained that the feud ensued after the owners of the church apparently removed the soccer goal post at the community sports field without informing the community. This angered some members of the community because the field is being used by children in the area and is the only sports facility in the area. We felt that the church was thwarting the dreams of aspiring athletes. Another community member said they wanted to find out how the owners could have acquired the land when their own people don t even own a piece of land to build houses. We are reliably informed that the church is owned by a foreigner who is operating the church from his home country. He employs local people who are arrogant. It is 14 ha of land yet he bought it for R170 000. The municipality could build extra houses or a recreational area. We are tired of these foreigners. They come into our country and take our wives, jobs and now our land. We cannot continue like this, the source said. When approached for comment acting Manager Communications and Marketing at Polokwane Municipality Matshidiso Mothapo said the land that the church tent was set up on does not belong to Polokwane Municipality and is not part of the Hospital View township. That property was privately sold to the World Restoration Church in 2003 by the owner of the land and not Polokwane Municipality. According to the deeds record it was sold to the church and not to an individual. Leader of the World Restoration Church, David Phiri said they are upset by the attitude of the community because the church is their property. We have the title deed and even if they burn it down it will remain our property. We bought this land from a private seller and we are the rightful owners of the land. We are not going anywhere and we will continue to worship there. The sports field also belongs to us, he said. Spokesperson for Seshego Police, Ernest Maluleke said a case of malicious damage to property has been opened by the church and investigations are still pending. Story and photo: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za Featured photo: A section of the World Restoration Church in Hospital View, Seshego that was allegedly damaged by community members from Hospital View and Seshego Zone 1.