The name of Hawks boss Berning Ntlemeza is being linked to an alleged ploy seemingly unfolding in documentation in a criminal case instituted against Limpopo s Deputy Provincial Commissioner for Human Resource Management, Christina Morakaladi a fortnight ago. The details of the case, registered on behalf of the State by suspended Police captain Tume Ramahlaha attached to the Provincial Crime Prevention Unit, encapsulates charges of corruption and contravention of sections of the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act. The case was made with Westenburg Police Station in the beginning of the month. Polokwane Observer was informed that the investigation has since been taken over by the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid). According to information the matter relates to the alleged appointment of a certain PD Maloba, who apparently held the rank of lieutenant colonel until 1 November when he would have been promoted to Section Head of Labour Relations in the Human Resources Unit of the Police in Limpopo. References in Ramahlaha s statement under oath attached to the case docket point at Maloba allegedly having been recruited from Gauteng with the promise of a promotion to the position internally advertised, with a host of others in July and August this year, in order to be part of a bigger scheme to get rid of the complainant in the case. A source close to the investigation alluded to the fact that Morakaladi was siding with Ntlemeza with whom Ramahlaha seemingly shares an evident history of claims and counter-claims emanating from allegations pertaining to an initial investigation involving erstwhile Limpopo Police Flying Squad Commander Terrance Rallele. The former cop, who is widely reported to have apparently had a relationship with Ntlemeza s daughter at the time, was dismissed from the Police in November last year after a disciplinary hearing following a sentence of four months imprisonment or a fine of R2 000 suspended for three years for theft of a cell phone suspected to have been stolen during a break-in at a senior Police official s house in February of that year. Ramahlala, who worked under Ntlemeza s command while the latter was still Deputy Provincial Commissioner in Limpopo, in the past accused his former boss of protecting Rallele, while still based in the province. In response to an enquiry by Polokwane Observer as to whether the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) is considering possible charges of alleged corruption and defeating the ends of justice stemming from a case registered against Ntlemeza by Ramahlaha in April last year, NPA Spokesperson Luvuyo Mfaku said The matter is currently under consideration, no decision has been taken . Ramahlaha, who is on suspension after his reported arrest by the Hawks in December last year for alleged intimidation of witnesses in a rape trial of a colleague in October last year, is due again in court towards the end of next month and at a disciplinary hearing next week. It was further established that he would challenge his suspension at an arbitration sitting of the Safety and Security Sectoral Bargaining Council scheduled for next week. Provincial Police Spokesperson Moatshe Ngoepe confirmed that a case of corruption was opened by a suspended member of the Police and that it has been referred to Ipid. He further stated that Morakaladi has not been suspended and that the Ipid investigation was ongoing. When asked whether Maloba has taken up the post in the Human Resources department of the Police as of 1 November this year, Ngoepe said this enquiry is an internal matter and will be dealt with as such . At the time of going to print Ipid National Spokesperson Moses Dlamini confirmed that the case had been reported to Ipid and that they would assess it and make a decision regarding the investigation. When approached by Polokwane Observer, Ramahlaha was not willing to provide comment on the matter. Story: Editorial team