Shoppers at Mall of the North were treated to a feast for the eyes and taste buds when Cansa Polokwane sold thousands of cupcakes to raise funds for the Theunis Fichardt Hospitium. Mall of the North s Game Court was abuzz with volunteers unpacking beautifully decorated cupcakes and eager shoppers who couldn t wait to get their hands on the delicious treats. Cansa Polokwane Community Mobiliser, Ren Robberts told Polokwane Observer that the cupcakes were all donated by businesses and volunteers from the city and sold for R5 each. They also sold beautiful beaded wire flowers for R10 each. The flowers are made by a local artisan who donates half of the profit he makes to Cansa in aid of breast cancer research. Sticky fingered children dug into their cupcakes immediately, while most adults packed up their treats to enjoy at home or with some friends. Marie Delport, Marketing Manager for Mall of the North said they were honoured to be able to host the gigantic cupcake sale and that the mall would always support Cansa as much as possible. Robbers said people were very generous and opened their hearts and hands to Cansa. Some people bought only one or two cupcakes, but paid for more and told us to keep the change. Others handed us handfuls of change as donations. At the end of the project we were able to raise R6 064,50 for the hospitium, she explained. Story and photos: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Eye on the prize. Million Mangoale has big plans for the cupcake that his father, Peter, bought at the Cansa cupcake sale at Mall of the North on Saturday. Jan Robberts, Cansa Volunteer, and Samuel Maposa, Cansa TLC Assistant, sell cupcakes and beaded flowers. Lizelle Coetzer and Elsa du Plessis help De Wet Coetzer to enjoy the icing on his cupcake. Precious Rasegwalo is stunned by the huge selection of cupcakes. Lilly McMaster is very impressed with her Hello Kitty cupcake. Phophi Mmbi and Nhleko Ngobeni buy cupcakes from David Booth, middle, Cansa Relay for Life Coordinator.