Residents have the opportunity to release the inner bad boy Danny Zuko, tough Betty Rizzo or good girl Sandy Olsson on 26 November when Mall of the North screens Grease Under the Stars in the overflow parking lot. Tickets cost R50 per person and Mall of the North Marketing Manager, Mari Delport encourages film goers to dress the part. Who knows, we may even see a Frenchie with a pink bouffant. There will be great prizes for the best dressed couple, best dressed child and best dressed guy and gal , she says. Kids Club and Silver Senior members will be able to enjoy the movie for free, provided they show their club cards at the gates. Children under seven and senior citizens who want to join these clubs can do so free of charge at the mall management offices. Grease fans and older generations who want to introduce their children to this classic can buy tickets at www. iTickets.co.za. There are also a limited number of tickets available at the Mall of the North management offices. Interested parties are reminded to buy their tickets as soon as possible to avoid disappointment. The gates will open at 17:00 and guests are invited to pack their own picnic baskets, camping chairs, inflatable mattresses and blankets to ensure a comfortable viewing experience. The film will be screened on a gigantic outdoor screen as soon as the sun sets around 19:30. No alcohol from outside will be allowed, but there will be a cash bar available for those who want to wet their whistles. There will also be ample food stalls ranging from true junk food like doughnuts and candy floss to food carts manned by selected restaurants from Mall of the North. To top off the whole experience, there will also be a vintage car exhibition, face painting and fun rides so that fans can pretend riding off into the sunset after a funfair like Danny and Sandy. We specifically planned the date so that families can relax together after the school exams, Delport says. Don t be stranded at the drive in, join in the fun at the Mall of the North Grease Under the Stars event and remember that Grease is the time, is the place, is the motion and Grease is the way we are feeling. Story and photo: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Mari Delport, Mall of the North Marketing Manager, encourages Grease fans to dress the part at the Mall of the North Grease Under the Stars event on 26 November. &nbsp;