International workspace giant, Regus last Wednesday officially opened their brand new Polokwane branch with a cocktail party for current tenants and interested parties wanting to rent flexible office space. Regus offers fully serviced and fully furnished workspaces that tenants can lease according to flexible time frames, from an hourly rate to long term renting. The spacious and welcoming work environment is fully serviced, including landlines, Wi-Fi and direct internet connection, cleaning services and a friendly receptionist. The all-inclusive pricing system makes it easy for clients to step right in and start working without having to worry about logistical management. During the opening, Area Director Rona Sauer welcomed guests and invited potential clients to walk through the building and look at the services and different office spaces on offer. Regus Polokwane offers a board room, private offices of different sizes as well as a communal work space that makes the experience more sociable. Area Manager Chantelle Luther introduced guests to her team and invited them to talk to any team member for information about the facility and services rendered. She also congratulated Sauer on celebrating her 18th year with Regus on the very day that the Polokwane Branch was opened. Regus is the world s largest provider of flexible workspace solutions, with a network of 2 800 locations across 107 countries and 977 cities. Our customers include some of the most successful entrepreneurs, individuals and multi-billion dollar corporations. Through our range of office formats as well as our growing mobile, virtual office, and workplace recovery businesses, we enable people and businesses to work where they want, when they want, how they want, and at a range of price points, Louise Rebstein, Regional Marketing Manager told Polokwane Observer. Guests spent the rest of the evening networking and exploring the myriad of options that Regus offers clients. Story and photos: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The Regus Polokwane team is in front, Chantelle Luther, Area Manager, and Serore Phala, Customer Service Representative. At the back are Dorah Themane, General Assistant and Rona Sauer, Area Director. Karabo Mavhungu and Lexie Duba atend the opening of Regus Polokwane last Wednesday. Chantelle Luther, Area Manager, and Rona Sauer, Area Director toast the success of Regus Polokwane. Potential clients Ernest Mailula, Senior Internal Auditor at Limpopo Provincial Treasury, and business owner Solly Madiba get a feel for the offices at Regus Polokwane. Thumelo Maja and Remember Silima are current clients of Regus Polokwane. &nbsp;