World Diabetes Day will be commemorated on Monday and 145 MediRite Pharmacies in Shoprite and Checkers stores, including Checkers Mall of the North, are offering free blood sugar tests as part of the initiative. The testing commenced yesterday (Wednesday) and will conclude on Monday. Customers are urged to call MediRite Mall of the North on 015 265 1327 to make an appointment. Friendly and qualified pharmacists will administer blood sugar tests completely free-of-charge. Diabetes is a chronic disease where the body is unable to properly use sugar in the form of glucose for energy. Glucose then backs up in the bloodstream, causing the body s blood glucose levels to rise too high, explains Razana Allie, a Diabetes Nurse Specialist with the Diabetes Education Society of South Africa in a media release by the Shoprite Group. Symptoms of diabetes can include increased thirst, frequent urination, unexplained fatigue, blurred vision and more. If left untreated, it may lead to blindness, heart disease, stroke, kidney failure and limb amputations. People with risk factors such as family history, increased weight, or even symptoms they are unsure of are advised to seek medical advice and get tested for diabetes. Daniel Ngoepe, Pharmacist Assistant at MediRite Mall of the North says their team, under the leadership of Responsible Pharmacist James Mangena, are passionate about helping people achieve optimum health. I want to encourage people to visit us and have their blood glucose levels tested. If they feel worried about their health, they do not even have to make an appointment. Just drop in and allow us to help you, he said. Ngoepe said the capable pharmacists will also make time to educate customers about the dangers, causes, symptoms and treatment of diabetes. Checkers is committed to the wellbeing of the communities in which it operates and has therefore developed a new pamphlet which will be available in stores in November, specifically to inform customers about the health risks associated with diabetes. The pamphlet also includes a list of over 100 products to guide those customers wishing to make diabetes-friendly purchases. Story: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: MediRite in Checkers Mall of the North is offering free blood glucose testing until Monday. (photo supplied) &nbsp;