Gilani Tile Warehouse celebrated their fourth birthday yesterday (Wednesday) and to add to the excitement, the celebrations will continue until Christmas. The store at 11 Iran Avenue will have free boerewors rolls for all their customers and jumping castles to keep the young ones occupied while their parents shop today (Thursday) and tomorrow (Friday) as well as every Saturday until 17 December. Owner Sarfaraaz Hassim says he is very proud of what they have achieved in four years and that Gilani Tile Warehouse will see some thrilling changes next year. We are moving our whole operation to our current concept showroom situated at 68 Nelson Mandela Drive in February. The showroom will be expanded to be four times bigger than the one in Iran Avenue and we will have all our wares under one roof for the customers convenience, he explains. We are also opening a new store in Magna Via and encourage our customers to look out for the opening date. Hassim is very proud of the new extended range of Spanish wall tiles and Italian floor tiles in sizes up to 800 cm x 1,8 m. Gilani Tile Warehouse first opened their doors in the city in 2012 and four years later their name has become synonymous with quality, style and value for money. On 12 November 2014 the Gilani team opened the concept showroom at 68 Nelson Mandela Drive, where customers can view their products in an actual setting and discuss the concepts and products with the knowledgeable assistants to recreate homes and rejuvenate living spaces. With advice and tips on how to achieve the look they want, customers are assured of the best possible outcome at the best possible price. After two years of successful operation, it is clear that the concept showroom is very popular and the wide range of premium products and home improvement services makes all the difference to the discerning buyer. Gilani Tile Warehouse brings low pricing strategies to the building and interior decorating industries. As direct importers they bring the latest trends to Polokwane at wholesale prices. They import tiles from countries known for their workmanship, like Spain, Italy and China and sell a wide range of beautiful bathroom accessories and fixtures, including stylish bathroom cabinets and sanitary wares like baths, basins and toilets. The new store will focus in sanitary ware, bathroom cabinets and walk-in showers. They will stock a large collection of high quality ceiling panels in sizes up to 9 m in length. Visit Gilani Tile Warehouse at 11 Iran Avenue in Nirvana, or see what the concept showroom has to offer at 68 Nelson Mandela Drive. Contact the Gilani team on 015 292 5895. Story and photos: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Gilani Tile Warehouse s concept showroom situated at 68 Nelson Mandela Drive is being revamped and extended in order to house all operations under one roof. Gilani Tile Warehouse offers a wide range of wall and floor tiles. Some of the striking wall tiles available at Gilani Tile Warehouse. Beautiful tiles from Spain, Italy and China will be on show at the new Gilani store.