Despite a legacy of service delivery challenges, the integration process of the former Modimolle and Mookgophong municipalities that were disestablished after the municipal elections to become the new municipality that is provisionally named as Lim 368, is on track and the officials are doing their level best to overcome the challenges presented by the transition. This is according to Municipal Manager Oupa Sebola, who is currently based at the new municipality s administrative head office in Modimolle. The budgets of the two former municipalities were merged and we are already operating from one system. All the staff members are integrated into the new personnel establishment and will be finally placed once job evaluations were completed and the new organogram is finalised, Sebola said. According to Sebola, one of the matters that still needs attention is the rationalisation of the separate sets of by-laws that are applicable to the former municipal areas and have to be re-promulgated after the required public participation processes were completed. Sebola agreed that there are still some challenges with service delivery and in particular with the water situation in Mookgophong. We receive our bulk water supply from the Frikkie Geyser Dam and boreholes and the town s reservoir only has a daily capacity of 8,7 mega litres, while the demand is 9,4 mega litres. This means there will be a shortage of water at peak times and the only way to address this situation, is to build a bigger reservoir and this will receive attention, Sebola explained. The municipality also has some other challenges. Mayor Marlene van Staden said in a media release on Monday that an investigation into allegations of grave desecration in the Mookgophong cemetery is underway and that a municipal official is the suspect. Gravesites in our municipality should be treated with inalienable sanctity, and we will work to protect the dignity of the dead and their families. For now, the municipality will work to repair and restore any damaged graves, and will consult with affected families, Van Staden said and mentioned that the municipality will prioritise the upgrading of the cemetery in the upcoming IDP programme. Should any negligence or malfeasance be found against the official, we will proceed to take disciplinary steps, the Mayor said. Van Staden told Polokwane Observer that she was very excited about the future of the municipality. There are a number of challenges that we have inherited from the previous councils and things cannot change overnight. We are still operating on the old budget and IDP and new projects and initiatives will be forthcoming in the new financial year. Our appeal to residents is to remain patient and to keep their aspirations high but to keep their expectations realistic, Van Staden concluded. Story: BARRY VILJOEN &gt;&gt;barryv.observer@gmail.com