While many learners in and around Polokwane spent their Saturday morning two weeks ago preparing for their upcoming exams, the PEPPS Polokwane College Grade 10 and 11 learners selflessly gave up their time to help the Mankweng community. One hundred and two learners gathered and left PEPPS at 8:20 in separate school busses. The Grade 10 learners were involved in transforming a 9 m room into a basic library setup. Diopong Primary School received assistance in the form of donated books, shelves, posters, wall decorations and a fresh coat of paint! The Grade 11 learners renovated the playground area and classrooms of Thathaisu Turfloop Preschool which received over 60 litres of paint, 66 tyres, 40 shrubs, soccer posts, two soccer balls, two netball balls, two basketballs and a free-standing basketball stand. PEPPS learners are involved in numerous community and environmental initiatives that encourage each learner to contribute towards human solidarity and sustainability. Recycling, blood donations and community outreaches are an intrinsic part of the PEPPS culture. Learners understand and engage passionately in initiating positive change in the community and the world, Martin Afonso, Project coordinator at PEPPS said. If any businesses would like to contribute to future projects they can contact Afonso on martin@peppscollege.co.za The outreach projects would not have been possible without the generosity of our sponsors. PEPPs would like to extent a heartfelt thank you to PEPPS parents for donating toys, bean bags, cleaning agents, garden utensils and cash donations and all sponsors who generously donated tyres, sport equipment, time and effort, financial assistance, shrubs, cash, lunch for 52 learners, and Sasol Penina Park and Bendor for their support and financial contributions. Story: NELIE ERASMUS &gt;&gt;nelie.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: PEPPS Grade 11 learners renovate classrooms of Thathaisu Turfloop Preschool, situated in Mankweng. (photos supplied) Tyres put to good use by PEPPS Grade 11 learners at Thataisu Turfloop Preschool. PEPPS learners participating in the outreach programme. Painting and building up a library at the Diopong Primary School, situated in Mankweng.