Amid Police presence protesting African National Congress (ANC) members from branches in the Waterberg region returned to the party s provincial headquarters on Monday minus a certain level of aggression displayed a week ago &#8211; when Frans Mohlala House was turned into a battle zone &#8211; and armed with a memorandum of grievances. A week ago Frans Mohlala House was turned into a battle zone when a congregation of ruling party supporters ended engaging in repeated physical confrontation. Last Monday a group of an estimated 150 party members banged on the gates of Frans Mohlala House to be let in with the demands to have fellow-members, suspected of being in possession of questionable audit forms ahead of the upcoming regional elective conference scheduled for next month, removed from the building. They simultaneously pledged support for Regional Secretary Tolly Mashamaite, who made his latest court appearance on charges of rape and bribery in Mokopane that morning, while further demanding ANC Provincial Secretary Nocks Seabi s head. The crowd outside Frans Mohlala House disperses after the handing over of the memorandum to the leadership while the press conference gets underway. In the meantime Seabi issued a media statement on behalf of the ANC in the province last Thursday saying in the light of the serious nature of the allegations Mashamaite was facing and measured in comparison with the standing principles and rules of the organisation, it was mutually agreed with Mashamaite and the Waterberg Regional Executive Committee that he would not be available for organisational work until the matter was resolved by the court. This past Monday a group larger in size was back with a memorandum with a return date of the next seven working days presented to ANC Provincial Chairperson Stan Mathabatha, who signed a copy thereof before heading to a media briefing on the ANC Limpopo s Economic Transformation Summit this weekend. In the memorandum reference is made to, among others, the demands for an urgent Regional General Council, a credible regional conference and administration of the region up to the regional conference taking place. Until the response was received no activities should be taking place at the regional offices, it was added. At the presser afterwards Mathabatha indicated that they would analyse the memorandum and they would probably travel to Waterberg during the course of this week or next to deal with the issues raised. Story and photos: YOLANDE NEL &gt;&gt;observer.yolande@gmail.com Featured photo: ANC Provincial Chairperson Stan Mathabatha and his deputy, Jerry Ndou listen attentively to Malesela Mokwele on behalf of the protestors outside Frans Mohlala House on Monday. ANC Provincial Chairperson Stan Mathabatha at the media conference after the handing over of the memorandum. A portion of the crowd gathered outside Frans Mohlala House on Monday. ANC Provincial Chairperson Stan Mathabatha addresses the crowd. ANC Provincial Chairperson Stan Mathabatha signs the memorandum. Thulare Mkhari addresses the ANC leadership in the province on the grievances contained in the memorandum handed to ANC Provincial Chairperson Stan Mathabatha.