Apprehension on the part of Ivydale business owners and residents over sex for sale posed by blatant acts of prostitution on their threshold, has reached boiling point after a year of increased incidents in the area. Obvious disregard for the moral high ground of others, displayed by a horde of prostitutes rendering their services at a meagre fee in full view of passers-by in broad daylight, questions the ability of law enforcers to curb the prevalence of such acts. The presence of an estimated 30 working women &#8211; some suspected to be visitors and others residing in derelict structures in the neighbourhood &#8211; has rendered the vicinity a popular drop-in for brief, in-your-face sexual encounters out in the open as they present themselves to clientele on vacant premises for as little as a reported R50 a round. Information gathered for purposes of Polokwane Observer s investigation during interviews with residents and businesspersons as well as visuals obtained of activity in the area, attested to somewhat of a production line offering a service that is more than readily available to the buyer. The magnitude of pedestrians and motorists alike frequenting the respective gravel strips known for its nature of operation, spells the degree of availability of sex on call in Limpopo s capital. A woman is photographed handing a banknote, presumably in change, to the driver of a van after they were witnessed in the act a few metres away shortly before. A source alluded to the fact that it was not limited to vacant land in Ivydale alone though, as she witnessed a woman conducting business behind a sand heap along the N1 highway leading out of town three weeks ago. During the half-hourly incident, which reportedly occurred in close proximity to a school and a church situated on the double carriage way, a woman had three clients with whom she committed sexual acts that were visible from surrounding buildings that morning, the source alluded. Seemingly the situation has been exacerbated by scores of prostitutes who have apparently moved into the area to either operate from there or congregate there during the day before returning home again late afternoon. Members of the surrounding community believe that these women have to keep up the act for the sake of letting their families believe they are employed. Another source attested to the fact that the women were quite vocal about rather opting to work for R2 000 a day than doing chores as a domestic help for the same amount every month. Most of them are fit when they come here. A year later they are finished, she observed. Seeing the prostitutes in action made her feel ashamed, she commented. She added that they had witnessed an altercation between a prostitute and a client in the past. Not much is being done to obscure such encounters. Evidently there is a reigning order that determines the way business is conducted. Skinny girls in skimpy minis, bulging features forced into shorts and some merely dressed in long T-shirts to cover their money-making assets are scattered across the parched landscape. With legs wide spread, a woman s waving hand in the air summons the passing male motorist for a mere R50. At night the price apparently can go up to about R350 for an act. Along the same stretch a constant barrage of drivers of branded pickups and trucks, a fleet of taxis and equally noticeable sedans await their turn, no matter the time of day of the week. While business is in full swing behind makeshift cardboard structures in the bush a tall man holds guard under a tree, obviously the pimp on duty. In between men sitting alone on heaps of old tyres are perceived to be either guarding the area or being the runners at the girls disposal. The surrounds are littered with rubbish, in addition to discarded toilet paper trailing in the wind. A businessperson in the area emphasised concern about the dire situation that has escalated in severity over the past year. She stressed that the scenario caused major embarrassment, especially when her young daughters witnessed ongoing acts, which was indeed the case the previous evening. The hottest acts usually took place over the lunch hour or between 16:00 and 17:30 every day when men of all cultures, and some even noticed in government vehicles, arrived to make use of the service, she said. A suspected skimpily-clad prostitute surrounded by rubbish on a vacant stretch of land worked by her and her so-called colleagues. She mentioned that their business address had been advertised on the internet as venue for obtaining the services of prostitutes in the past, which led to them being overwhelmed with requests for such products. She further listed the example of a Venda woman arriving to offer her daughter estimated to be between 16 and 20 years for sale six months ago. During a brief period last year they had also noticed young men of fair complexion in the area, suspected of either watching from a distance or offering their services, she added. She recalled receiving the news of the corpse of one of the women being discovered last year after allegedly being killed by one of her customers. An Ivydale resident and businessman who wished to remain anonymous, said the situation of prostitutes in the area had a definite impact on his business as clients no longer wanted to visit his premises. The situation reached its height the past year with more and more prostitutes flocking to the area. They wave and even show their private parts to passing motorists. They do not have any decency and have sex in the open for all to see. My clients feel embarrassed and I have been told that they would no longer make use of my service because of the prostitutes, he said. While prostitution is apparently also rife in central and downtown Polokwane and in the area of the Roodepoort smallholdings at the moment, the magnitude of incidents is reportedly being contained during operations focusing on the specific areas once brought to the attention of law enforcers, it was learnt. Polokwane Community Policing Forum (CPF) Secretary Mariaan Coetzee confirmed that they were aware of prostitution having posed a problem in the Ivydale area for many years, but stressed the absence of an active CPF in the neighbourhood which should assist to address the matter. Stressing the importance of such a structure, she called on the community to join hands in the future establishment of a forum for the situation to get addressed as was the case in other areas where they provided guidance and back-up as well as liaison with the Police, the municipality or other structures when receiving complaints about issues. Provincial Police Spokesperson Ronel Otto referred to the matter as a difficult situation to handle. We do regular patrols in the area and make habitual arrests. When arrested they pay admission of guilt or are fined by court only to return to their daily routine, Otto said and confirmed that they are issued with a R50 fine. She added that even when the suspects were caught having sex they were arrested and charged with public indecency but returned to their duties upon their release. It is a matter to be discussed between residents, the Police and Polokwane Municipality on how to resolve the problem, she said. Story: YOLANDE NEL/observer.yolande@gmail.com RC MYBURGH/rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: A man zips up his trousers after a perceived act behind a makeshift hide in Ivydale. Unoccupied and idling vehicles parked along the Ivydale stretch known for its distinct sex acts.