Many people who played a role in the growth and development of Eagle s Nest Christian School celebrated with Mac van den Berg, Principal of the school and his wife Elsa during the school s 21st celebrations at Bolivia Lodge recently. The celebrations were held under the theme Amazing Grace . Barbara Hinds, first Principal of the school, was one of the guests of honour who attended the celebrations as were many friends from Zimbabwe, Malawi and other Christian schools, the Limpopo Independent Schools Association, the Association of Christian Schools International and the Foundation for Christian Education. Van den Berg took the attendees way back to the very beginning of the school in 1995, when it was hosted in a house at Burger Street 65 with 32 learners. The following year the school moved to Agap Centre, and then to the Sunday school classes of NG Kerk Pietersburg-Oos in Betz Street In 1998 we moved to our permanent premises having bought the land and Pieters burg Ho rskool donated seven temporary classrooms to us. We now have more than 40 classes, 700 learners, a hostel with accommodation for 140 learners as we have learners from all over the country as well as Zimbabwe and Botswana, proper sports grounds and we are growing every year. We built our classrooms with cash, we manufactured our own bricks if we needed to. We have 54 personnel members, except for the hostel personnel, and eight student teachers, Van den Berg informed. We have a pre-school, Foundation Phase, Intermediate Phase and college. He said the school is built on three pillars namely education, outreach and prayer. He added that, but for the grace of God, the growth of the school could not have been achieved and acknowledged a host of people who played a role in the school s existence and growth. Former learner Mahlatse Ramaroko rendered a glowing tribute to then school and what attending Eagle s Nest meant to her. She matriculated four years ago and is doing an honours degree in Political Science Many lives have been touched and orphans assisted by the school, Van den Berg said. Samson Makhado, ACSI Director from Canada in the keynote speech said schools need to focus on principles and producing principled young men and women, and not on behavior. He stressed the importance of a good relationship between educators and learners and added that schooling is not only about counting but learning about life. No car is worth your child s education. Give your child a good education even if you have to drive an old car, he said. Story and photos: NELIE ERASMUS &gt;&gt;nelie.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Mac van den Berg, Principal of Eagle s Nest Christian School and his wife Elsa. Former learner Mahlatse Ramoroko delivers a glowing tribute to her old alma mater. Barbara Hinds, first Principal of Eagle s Nest Christian School.