The Festive Season in South Africa is synonymous with sun, water and a lot of time spent outdoors, which makes it a very difficult time to properly protect the skin. Add to that holiday laziness and a lax attitude when it comes to skincare and it could mean trouble. Polokwane Observer spoke to Medical Aesthetic Specialist Solene Wolh ter at Aesthetico Medical Aesthetic Clinic about the best ways of protecting the skin during the summer holidays. Wolh ter recommends a sunscreen with Sun Protection Factor (SPF) of at least 30 from a reputable brand. Don t forget the scalp, ears, neck and back of the hands, she warns. Generally chemical filters need 30 minutes to activate and adhere to the skin so make sure to apply sunscreen in time. Protective clothing like a hat, sunglasses with UV 400 protection and long sleeves is also very important. Stay out of the sun between 11:00 and 16:00 and take extra care with children s delicate skin. Sun protection myths: If I use sun protection, I won t tan. With protection the tan lasts longer. If I have dark skin, I don t need sun protection. All skin defences are insufficient to protect completely against sun exposure and a suitable SPF should be used at all times. I will stay indoors and avoid the sun. UV radiation can penetrate through glass and fabric. protection must also be worn indoors. There is no risk of burning when I am in the water. UV rays pass through water and are magnified by it. Use a high SPF waterproof formulation. The sun improves acne. If exposed to the sun without protection the skin can develop dark spots, burn and acne can worsen. How to treat sunburn: Use a moisturiser containing Aloe Vera to help soothe sunburnt skin Drink extra water to prevent dehydration Leave blisters alone as a broken blister can lead to infection and scarring Put a cold, damp towel on the skin for ten or 15 minutes a few times during the day. Frequent cool showers or baths will also help. Leave a little water on the skin after a bath and apply a moisturiser to help trap the water in your skin. This will help ease dryness Do not peel off dry skin. Keep moisturising with a good hydrating moisturiser. Story: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Sunbathing and a tanned look may be fashionable, but it can cause immeasurable damage to the skin. (photo internet) &nbsp;