When you are the type of person who lives for discoveries, adventure and excitement the new Renault KWID is perfect as its design strategy symbolises dynamic performance, robust strength and a taste for adventure. Its SUV-inspired stance offers a high driving position and greater visibility makes it ideal for zipping around in urban traffic or roaring down the open highway. The KWID is designed to turn heads. Its short front and rear overhangs along with high ground clearance exudes an impression of strength and robustness. The bold, structured grille design highlights the Renault diamond logo, while the headlights incorporate Renault s new lighting signature with a C-shaped chrome trim. Stylish fog lamps further enhance the Renault KWID s striking stance. The chiselled, muscular front end flows into a dynamic profile, accentuated by turn indicators on the fender cladding. The KWID s interior carries forward the same bold styling as the outside. The horizontal, uncluttered lines of the dashboard convey an impression of width and refinement. The digital instrument cluster and piano black centre fascia with chrome surround harmoniously house the centrally-positioned MediaNAV system, creating a contemporary high-quality feel that combines style and practicality. The chrome highlights continue on the side air vents and control knobs, lending the KWID a sophisticated edge. The black, red and grey fabric of the ergo smart cabin further gives the Renault KWID s interiors a sporty feel. The chunky steering wheel provides for an enhanced grip, while the 4-way adjustable driver seat means that you can find the most ideal driving position. Class-leading space that comfortably seats five complements a host of thoughtful features. The KWID s adaptable ergonomic seats with bolster support offer superior comfort and a high driving position for better visibility, while the electric power steering and one-touch lane change indicator make driving a breeze. Power assisted windows bring convenience to your fingertips while the powerful air-conditioning with heater makes every drive pleasant. All of these controls are easy to reach from both the driver and passenger sides. The KWID has an engine for every need, whether you seek a smooth city ride or pole position performance. The two engine options with advanced Smart Control efficiency engine technology for accurate air to fuel ratio monitoring. A knock sensor automatically adjusts spark advance to fuel quality to help deliver optimised performance and fuel efficiency of 25.1 km per litre. The suspension system of the KWID is calibrated for optimum ride, handling and braking, providing for a comfortable, safe drive. When it comes to safety there can be no compromises. For added protection, the KWID comes equipped with high safety Pro-Sense front seat belts, a driver side airbag and central locking system. The front disc brakes ensure you re equipped for all weather conditions and road surfaces, while the high mount stop lamp and audible parking brake warning let you be at complete peace of mind all through the journey For more information or for a test drive visit BB Motors Renault Polokwane at 20 Excelsior Street or contact them on 015 287 1300. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The new Renault KWID is available at BB Motors Renault Polokwane and is ideal for urban drives or long journeys. (photo internet) &nbsp;