Pietersburg Road Runners (PRR) held their annual prize giving at the Pietersburg Bowling Club on Saturday and members were acknow ledged for their achievements during the season. Colinda Potgieter, Chairperson of the Pietersburg Road Runners and programme director for the evening and winner of the Female Veteran Athlete of the Year welcomed everyone whom attended where after Pieter Pretorius, pastor at Agap Church delivered a spiritual message. Special guest and former Comrades Marathon winner Ludwick Mamabolo, assisted by independent sports commentator Pete van der Merwe, presented the trophies. Most awarded this year was Ge neve Raphahla who received trophies for Fastest Novice Female Comrades Athlete, Most Improved Female Athlete and Female Comrades Athlete of the Year while she also shared the Best Comrades Combined Finish Time as a team with Timothy Munzhelele. The Male Comrades Athlete of the Year was Rufus Photo who finished fifth in a time of 05:35.40. Jane Mudau was named Female Athlete of the Year as well as Female Master Athlete of the Year and Fastest Marathon Female of the Year for achieving category podium positions in both the Comrades and Two Oceans marathons. Lutendo Mapoto s victory in the Tzaneen Aida Tuffy Marathon, second place in the Polokwane Mayoral Race, sixth place in the Loskop Ultra Marathon and 37th place overall in the Comrades Marathon made him the best candidate for the Male Athlete of the Year Award. Jonas Thaba and Lucky Maahlo shared the award for the Most Improved Male Athlete. Elize Klopper took home the Walker of the Year trophy, Poppi Netshifhefhe was named best female Junior Athlete of the Year and JJ van der Merwe was best male Junior Athlete of the Year. Among the masters it was Petrus Kgopa who took the title of Master Athlete of the Year while Bethuel Netshfhefhe proudly walked away with the trophy for Male Veteran of the year. Edward Bannau was this year s best Male Parkrun Athlete and Da nielle Thysse the winner in the female category. Sukuma Computer Academy was awarded Largest Combined Sponsorship of the Year. Polokwane Observer was presented with a framed certificate of appreciation for its promotion of road running and support of Pietersburg Road Runners. Story and photos: Alet-Elize van Jaarsveld &gt;&gt;alet-elize@observer.co.za Featured photo: Colinda Potgieter, PRR Chairperson and programme director for the evening welcomes the members and guests. Master athlete Jane Mudau with the Female Athlete of the Year trophy presented by Ludwick Mamabolo. Rufus Photo, Male Comrades Athlete of the Year, receives his trophy from former Comrades Marathon winner Ludwick Mamabolo. The award for Largest Combined Sponsorship of the Year is made to Sukuma Computer Academy represented by its General Manager, Joe Cronj . Geneva Raphaphla, Female Comrades Athlete of the Year. Walker of the Year, Elize Klopper. Male Parkrun Athlete of the Year, Edward Bannau. Male Veteran Athlete of the Year, Bethuel Netshifhefhe. Female Junior Athlete of the Year, Poppi Netshifhefhe.