Motoring enthusiasts were in for some exciting fun and adrenaline rushing action during the hosting of the BB Motor Group Fun Day at the Go-kart race track on Saturday. BB Motor Group was serious when they said the fun day will be bigger and better than the previous event. From where one entered the gate the smell of delicious boerewors, pap and kaiings or sosaties filled the air. The screech of tyres on the race track lured people to the fence, all armed with cell phones recording amazing stunts by the Cooper Drifting Team from Mokopane as well as other enthusiastic drifters from Johannesburg. Visitors were also treated to some eye candy with the exhibition of the latest Renault, Nissan and GWM models as well as the sporty Nissan GTR, Renault Megane, Nissan 370Z and Ford Mustang. While mom and dad were enjoying the action on the race track children were treated to some face painting and jumping castle under supervision. Visitors were also able to grab something refreshing from the beer garden while strolling between exhibitors showing vehicle accessories to jewellery. For the brave ones tattooing were also available. For the first time live entertainment kept the mood light and fun. On another note music was turned to an almost unbearable decibel at the sound competition where competitors showed off with the capability of their boom boxes. Main organiser Charles Baker said the event was a huge success and extended his gratitude towards visitors for supporting the event. He also thanked his team for all the effort to ensure a successful day. Polokwane Observer was allowed the opportunity to have an in-car experience with top drifter Fred Cooper from Cooper Drifting Team in Mokopane. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Main organiser of the BB Motor Group Fun Day Charles Baker at the Nissan GTR. Kesha van Staden keeps busy on the jumping castle. Visitors were quick to make videos of the drifting action. Renault Sales Consultant Fundi Shikwambana at the wide range of models available. A variety of stalls were available. Fred Cooper from Cooper Drifting Team in Mokopane behind the steering wheel of his drifting vehicle. Smoke fills the race track as Tim Stevens in the white vehicle and Hannes Frans in the orange vehicle take around the track. Wayne Louw is one of the participants in the sound competition. Trisha van Staden and Cayla Horn having endless fun on the jumping castle. Kaylene van Staden made friends with a stray cat who now has a loving home. &nbsp;