Ford Figo has undergone a facelift recently and the new model offers a much bolder look with dynamic exterior design and luxurious interior, making it stand out in any crowd. Whether it is between hundreds of other vehicles in the city centre or solely on the long road, the new Ford Figo equipped with sporty yet elegant lines and thoughtful features create a superb combination of style, comfort and class. The all-new Figo s new design and styling carries Ford s distinctive design DNA. Its bold, dynamic and elegant exterior conveys a sense of precision and efficiency while the quality interior craftsmanship surrounds you with a sense of sophistication. More space means more comfort and the 60:40 split rear seats fold down to give you that extra room when you need it. The spacious front and rear seats with adjustable headrests offer ample support, so everyone can ride in comfort. The nifty hatchback is also available in sedan and the only vehicle in its class with a diesel engine derivative. It is available in the 1,5i petrol Sigma engine and the 1,5TDCi diesel engine. The driver can expect 74 kW of power on the diesel engines while the petrol models offer a little more at 82 kW. Three trim and equipment levels are available &#8211; Ambiente, Trend and Titanium. In terms of safety models are equipped with driver and passenger airbags while the Titanium model features six airbags including side and curtain so that back-seat passengers can enjoy extra protection too. The Figo also features Hill Launch Assist (HLA) which temporarily stops you rolling backwards when making a hill start. It holds the brake for a few seconds after you take your foot off, giving you time to smoothly accelerate away, whether you re driving up- or downhill. Electronic stability programme (ESP) knows when you perform a sudden manoeuvre that puts your safety at risk. The system brakes individual wheels and helps get you back on track. It even enhances handling on tough surfaces and traction on slippery surfaces. If you are a Figo owner you can also customise your ride with Ford MyKey technology which helps encourage responsible driving. Programme your key to a restricted driving mode setting that promotes good habits such as increasing seatbelt use, limiting vehicle top speeds and regulating audio volume. The innovative MyFord Dock allows you to store, mount and charge your mobile phone, MP3 player or satellite navigation system and to integrate these devices into the car s entertainment system. And because it s mounted on your dashboard, it s in a perfect, easy-to-access position. The SYNC voice-activated system lets you connect to your world like never before. Pair your Bluetooth enabled phone to make calls, use text-to-speech technology, and play your favourite music all by just using your voice. You can even control SYNC with the steering-wheel-mounted controls. Front USB and auxiliary line are standard on all models. For more information or for a test drive visit BB Ford on the corner of Schoeman and Rissik streets or contact them on 015 287 1769. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The new Ford Figo offers good looks and a stylish drive. The interior is stylish and high quality.