Approximately 15 commuters to Musina had to flee for their lives when shots were fired and the taxi they were waiting in was set alight at the Indian Centre on Tuesday morning. It is reported that two people were injured during the shootout, allegedly between two taxi associations and admitted to Polokwane Provincial Hospital in serious condition. Provincial Police Spokesperson Moatshe Ngoepe said the Police have launched a manhunt for the armed suspects responsible for the incident. It is alleged that members of two taxi associations had an argument over a certain operating route when a group of people arrived in a minibus and started shooting randomly. The group also allegedly set a parked taxi alight. Two other taxis were slightly damaged in the incident, Ngoepe said. It is also claimed that a man was kidnapped by the group but released several kilometres from the scene unharmed. The Public Order Policing Unit (Pops) was deployed to the scene to monitor the situation. Police are investigating cases of malicious damage to property, attempted murder, assault and public violence. No arrests have been made yet and Ngoepe could not confirm which taxi associations were allegedly involved in the incident. Ngoepe warned taxi associations to rather approach structures such as the Taxi Council or the Department of Transport and Community Safety to address issues to resolve disputes than resorting to violence putting commuters and the community in danger. In the meantime Police arrested three suspects on charges of hijacking and attempted murder on Sunday after an incident of alleged taxi violence in Hoedspruit last Tuesday. Ngoepe said it is reported that the driver of a taxi transporting passengers from Tzaneen stopped at Mabins Village just outside Hoed spruit when a vehicle pulled up to the taxi. Three armed men emerged from the vehicle pointing the driver with firearms and opened fire. The driver was shot in the hand and his taxi stolen. He was treated at a nearby hospital. No passengers were injured, Ngoepe said. The stolen taxi was later found near Santeng Village where it had overturned. Ngoepe could not provide an update on whether the suspects have appeared in the Hoedspruit Magistrate s Court yet. Police in Maake are also still on the hunt for the suspects who allegedly shot and killed a queue marshal during a taxi violence incident at Maake early last week. The incident occurred at Bellville Village in the Sekororo area where a man was allegedly assaulted with wooden objects and beer bottles and later shot dead by a group of unknown suspects. The suspects allegedly chased the man from the Bellville Taxi Rank where they apprehended him just outside the village, Ngoepe said. No arrests were made yet and anyone with information can contact investigating officer Cecil Machimane on 072 532 1725. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Police and emergency personnel on the scene at the Indian Centre where shots were allegedly fired and a taxi set alight after taxi violence on Tuesday morning. Video: Supplied