Joan Phiri was still to appear in the Polokwane Magistrate s Court on a charge of murder at the time of our going to print. She stands accused of shooting two people at a tavern in Extension 44 on Sunday morning. The alleged shooting resulted in violent action taken by community members who torched the tavern, a house and three vehicles and damaged three Police vehicles. Provincial Police Spokesperson Moatshe Ngoepe said Phiri, the wife of the tavern owner, is charged with the alleged murder of Livi Nare and attempted murder of a second person on Sunday morning. She will appear in court again on Monday to apply for bail. Community members turned violent after Nare succumbed to a bullet wound on the scene and turned on the tavern owner and Phiri. After the shooting community members of Ext 44 took violent action against the tavern owner and his wife. Police initially received information of an armed robbery at the tavern but upon their arrival found that two people had been shot and that community members were threatening to burn down the tavern owner s business, house and vehicles, Ngoepe said. While Police were still on the scene the situation got out of hand and members of the community set the tavern alight after trapping the owner and his wife inside the building. They managed to escape but the owner was slightly injured. Three of their vehicles, their house and tavern were set on fire. Community members then allegedly also turned on the Police vehicles pelting them with stones and causing damage to three official vehicles. Three Police vehicles were also damaged after being pelted with stones. The Public Order Policing Unit was also deployed to the scene and monitored the situation for the whole of Sunday. The other person injured in the shooting is recuperating in hospital. In a second murder case Police in Seshego are investigating the death of two brothers who were allegedly stabbed to death following a fight at a tavern in Sengatane village, Moletjie on Sunday morning. We have already arrested three suspects in connection with the incident and they will appear in the Seshego Magistrate s Court soon. The deceased were identified as Tshepo and Katlego Setoaba, Ngoepe said. He said two groups, one from Sengatane and the other from Zone 5 Seshego apparently became involved in an argument at a local tavern. They were reportedly dispersed but the fight continued elsewhere. The bodies of the two brothers bearing several stab wounds each were allegedly found 500 m from the tavern Ngoepe stated. Investigations continue. Provincial Police Commissioner Nneke Ledwaba again cautioned against the tendency of taking the law into people s own hands. It is a serious offence and no stone will be left unturned until all those involved are brought to book, he warned. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Three vehicles believed to be the property of a local tavern owner were set alight by residents of Extension 44 on Sunday following a shooting incident on the premises.