The Congress Provincial Committee (CPC) of the Congress of the People (Cope) in Limpopo held a special meeting in Polokwane on Sunday to discuss a host of burning issues. On the agenda were challenges faced during the past local government elections, strategies for the revitalisation of branches in regions, participating in civic matters and discussing issues of concern that require addressing. According to Cope Provincial Secretary Erick Mohlapamaswi they have looked into the challenges faced during the recent local government elections and discussed concerns about their poor performance. Items on the agenda further included strategising revitalisation of branches in regions of the province before their congresses next year and the 2019 elections, he explained. They have further discussed involvement of their people in participating in civic matters to assist communities and engage government where possible in preparation for 2019, he said. In terms of them having realised the magnitude of perceived ongoing corruption and the challenges faced by government, he added that they should be able to take up issues such as the utilisation of Municipal Infrastructure Grants with municipalities in the province. At the same time service delivery remained a concern, and especially clinics needing to operate under safe circumstances around the clock, he said. On the revitalisation of structures, Mohlapamaswi mentioned they were targeting all regions, which should meet from this weekend onwards to inform their members accordingly. He stressed they needed to ensure they took care of communities, become relevant to them and secure their trust as opposed to only being seen in the run-up to elections. Story and photos: YOLANDE NEL &gt;&gt;observer.yolande@gmail.com Featured photo: Cope Provincial Chairperson Patrick Sikhutshi addresses members of the CPC on Sunday. To the left are national spokesperson Dennis Bloem and Congress National Committee member Ouma Mathebula, who are both assigned to Limpopo. The special CPC meeting underway in Polokwane. Cope Provincial Secretary Erick Mohlapamaswi.