Sport, Arts and Culture MEC Onicca Moloi is appealing to all citizens to cast their vote for Mamelodi Sundowns Captain and Bafana Bafana midfielder, Hlompho Kekana to help him scoop the Fifa Pusk s Award. Kekana s scorcher of a goal against Cameroon in a CAF Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Yaound earlier this year has put his name in the top 10 list for the award. He shares the honour with Barcelona duo Neymar and Lionel Messi for the the best goal scored between 30 September 2015 and 30 September 2016. The Zebediela born midfielder joins the likes of David Beckham and Xabi Alonso in an elite club by having the audacity and technique to shoot and score from inside his own half. The winner will be crowned at the Fifa gala scheduled for January 2017 in Z rich, Switzerland. Our golden boy is on the verge of winning the Pusk s Award 2016 for his stunning goal of 26 March 2016 during the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier between South Africa and Cameroon. He has made history by becoming South Africa s first footballer to ever get nominated for this prestigious award. Kekana is also the only African based player among the ten nominees for 2016, Moloi said. To vote for Kekana people must go to www.fifa.com website. Then click on the They scored, now You vote link. Then proceed to click the FIFA Pusk s Award 2016 link. Immediately, you ll have a list of ten candidates. To vote for Kekana, click on the blue line beneath his picture. We are urging every South African to rally behind one of our stars. A win for Hlompho Kekana will be a win for the nation. His nomination certainly reaffirms the fact that our boys can hold their own despite tough competition, Moloi said. In September this year, Hlompho was among sportsmen and women honoured for their excellence in sport by Limpopo. He also led Mamelodi Sundows to win their first CAF Champions league title in Egypt in October. We are delighted that the decision to honour him is today being validated by the world football governing body, added Moloi. Story: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za Featured photo: Hlompho Kekana and Onnica Moloi, MEC for Sport, Arts and Culture photographed during Bafana Bafana s arrival in the City two weeks ago. (photo archive) &nbsp;