The Democratic Alliance (DA) in Limpopo intended demanding the suspension of the manager of the Capricorn College for TVET Campus in Seshego in a letter to be sent to Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande at the time of going to press after an incident at the institution on Tuesday. The letter to the Minister followed the institution of a criminal case after a reported incident at the campus on Tuesday that led to the arrest of the official suspected of allegedly strangling the leader of the Democratic Alliance Students Organisation (Daso) at the institution, against whom charges of defamation of character were simultaneously pressed. In a press release issued late Tuesday in which he mentioned the intended letter to the Minister, DA Provincial spokesperson Solly Malatsi alerted the media to the party in the province having laid charges of common assault against the manager of the Capricorn College for TVET Campus in Seshego after an incident in which the Daso leader at the institution was allegedly strangled earlier that day after his persistent questioning of what was described as an irrational decision to vacate all students from the campus with immediate effect. This is despite the fact that students only finished final year exams and the campus is scheduled to officially close on 9 December 2016, Malatsi further stated. In a follow-up call Malatsi pointed out that contrary to an initial notice informing students of the closure of the campus on 9 December, students were informed on Tuesday that the date was brought forward in order for the institution to apparently save running costs. When approached for comment the campus manager said the matter was sub judice and referred Polokwane Observer to the public relations officer of the institution, Tumelo Morobe who confirmed the case against the manager and added that he in turn also pressed charges against the former Student Representative Council member. He concluded saying they were allowing the Police to do their investigation while also having launched their own internal investigation upon receiving a report yesterday (Wednesday) morning. Seshego Police spokesperson Motemane Malefo confirmed that a case of common assault was registered against the campus manager. He added that the suspect was released on warning but Malefo couldn t provide the remand date for the campus manager s court appearance. He further confirmed a counter-case of intimidation against the student leader, who has not been arrested yet. Story: YOLANDE NEL &gt;&gt;observer.yolande@gmail.com