After a long year and literally thousands of kilometres on the road, members of Polokwane Athletic Club (PAC) could sit back and reflect on a successful season during their annual prize giving on Friday evening. From junior and amateur athletes to the more professional runner as well as supporters were acknowledged for their excellence during the year. Top performer Andries Malete was named Male Athlete of the Year as well as Comrades Athlete of the Year after completing the race in a time of 6.38:14. The title of Male Marathon Athlete of the Year went to Pelly Lamola for his excellent performance in marathons and a best time of 2.34. Pearl Hughes, with a best time of 3.29, was named Female Marathon Athlete of the Year. Santa van Heerden s performance of the past season earned her two awards, Female Athlete of the Year and Master Athlete of the Year. David Kubjana was named Male Master Athlete of the Year and Johnny Walgenbach Junior Athlete of the Year. Awards also went to Best Time Trial Athlete of the Year Gustav Grobler, Most Improved Time Trial Athlete of the Year Dawid van der Walt, Most Improved Athlete of the Year Koketjo Gamba, fastest husband and wife team Ninette and De Klerk Roos, Male Supporter of the Year Calie Swart and Female Supporter of the Year Gerda Calitz. Club Chairperson Corrie Calitz received the Pegasus Award for outstanding service to the club. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: PAC Chairperson Corrie Calitz with Andries Malete, Male Athlete of the Year and Comrades Athlete of the Year. (photos supplied) Corrie Calitz and Junior Athlete of the Year, Johnny Walgenbach. PAC s fastest husband and wife team, De Klerk and Ninette Roos. Corrie Calitz, recipient of the Pegasus Award for outstanding service to the club and his wife Gerda Calitz who was named Female Supporter of the Year Award. Pearl Hughes receives the trophy as Female Marathon Athletes of the Year from Corrie Calitz. Dawid van der Walt, right, Most Improved Time Trial Athlete of the Year. David Kubjana, 50+ Male Athlete of the Year receives his trophy from PAC Chairperson Corrie Calitz. Male Marathon Athlete of the Year Pelly Lamola, right. Santa van Heerden, Female Athlete of the Year and Female Master Athlete of the Year.