Motoring enthusiasts can look forward to the second BB Motor Group Fun Day scheduled for Saturday at the Go-cart track. This time the event promises to be bigger and better with much more to see and do and ample entertainment by means of a live entertainment stage, food stalls and most importantly a variety of vehicles and motoring accessories galore. Added to this year s programme is not only the live entertainment but also the all new 2017 Nissan GTR. The event will also host a show and shine as part of the sound competition where motoring fans can exhibit their own vehicles. Whether it is an antique or one of the latest sport models or luxury cars and you want to show it off, this event is the perfect opportunity. BB Motor Group will also have on exhibition various Nissan and Renault and GWM models. Visitors to the event will have the opportunity to test drive their preferred models. The Qashqai, X-Trail and Navara are among the vehicles available while Renault will offer the Kadjar and new Megane to be test driven as well as their various other models, said organiser Charles Baker. Besides the opportunity to test drive any vehicle of your choice, organisers added some extra entertainment for all adrenaline junkies. The well-known drifting enthusiast from Mokopane, Fred Cooper and his team will also be seen in action. It was also indicated to us that there might be more drifting riders present from Gauteng adding to the fun, Baker said. A sound competition is also on the programme with some big prizes. Locals who would like to brag with their boom boxes in their vehicles can enter and have their sound tested in decibels to determine exactly who the best is. The main focus is on fun. Visitors are welcome to bring their children with as there will be an entertainment area for them. They can keep themselves busy with jumping castles, colour-in and face painting while parents can stroll through the stalls or engage in the activities. We will provide people looking after children ensuring their safety at the children s area at all times, Baker said. Various food stalls will provide something to eat throughout the day. The event will start at 10:00 to 16:00 with an entry fee of R20 for adults and R10 children under 16. Children under 6 years are free. For general information contact Baker on 082 556 1550. There are still time slots open for live entertainment. For more information contact David Crouwcamp on 082 395 3748. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The BB Group Fun Day is where you should be this Saturday. (photos archive) Professional drifter Matthew Cooper at the previous BB Group Fun Day. This year he will be back to show off some skill.