The Democratic Alliance (DA) today (Monday) handed over a complaint to Special Investigative Unit (SIU) Provincial Regional Manager Seth Msimanga at the offices of the SIU in Polokwane regarding an amount of R7,6 billion allegedly spent irregularly during the last three years by government departments. In the complaint handed over to the SIU it was stated that the Auditor-General has found that R7,6 billion in irregular expenditure over the last three years has not been investigated by the Limpopo government. The party did so in terms of Section 114(2) (b) of the Constitution that mandates that the provincial executive and other organs of state must be held accountable for the money that was irregularly spent. The party also requested the SIU to investigate MECs, accounting officers of all government departments as well as state entities as well as administrators involved in the Section 100 intervention. DA Provincial Leader Jacques Smalle said the party has a responsibility to ensure the provincial government upholds the rule of law and challenges the gross malfeasance by public officials in the use of state resources. These resources would go a long way in addressing developmental issues our most vulnerable members of society face, Smalle said. He handed over the documents as well as 1 000 pages of evidence to Msimanga. This is a gross violation of their oath taken in terms of section 107 of the Constitution as well as Sections of the Provincial Finance management Act 29 of 1999 and the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act 12 of 2004. The document further reads that the Provincial Executive and officials made themselves guilty of, but not limited to failure to comply with legislated obligations and responsibilities, unauthorised, irregular and fruitless and wasteful expenditure and possible fraud and corruption. Smalle said of the amount some 76% was spent by the departments of Health and Education, also while they were under administration. They must be held accountable and face the consequence, he said and added that the SIU will do investigations and then hand over the documents to the Presidency for the provision of further investigation. Story and photo: NELIE ERASMUS &gt;&gt;nelie.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Jacques Smalle, DA Provincial Leader addresses the media after handing over the complaint to the SIU on Monday.