Customers of Gilani Tile Warehouse were treated to delicious boerewors rolls at the store in Iran Avenue last Thursday to celebrate the store s fourth anniversary. The store will have free boerewors rolls for customers as well as a jumping castle for the young ones every Saturday until 17 December. There will also be incredible price cuts in order to celebrate Gilani Tile Warehouse s continued success. Customers are invited to browse the showrooms at 11 Iran Ave and 68 Mandela Drive to take in the new range of premium Spanish and Italian imports that have just arrived and bring in house or room plans for a free quotation to individual specifications. Owner Sarfaraaz Hassim is delighted with the growth of the business since conception and can see great potential for what s to come. We have plans for expansion. I cannot wait to implement our new ideas in stages over the next few months and see the value that it brings to our customers, to enhance the shopping experience as well as source the best products from around the world at affordable rates, he says. We ve had home owners, guest house owners and contractors coming from as far as Mpumalanga or North West to take advantage of our unbeatable specials and unique range of imports. Gilani Tile Warehouse first opened their doors in the city in 2012 and four years later their name has become synonymous with quality, style and value for money. On 12 November 2014 the Gilani team opened the concept showroom at 68 Nelson Mandela Drive, where customers can view their products in an actual setting. We are moving our whole operation to our current concept showroom situated at 68 Nelson Mandela Drive in February. The showroom will be expanded to be four times bigger than the one in Iran Avenue and we will have all our wares under one roof for the customers convenience, Hassim said. Look out for their new store and showroom opening in Magna Via in 2017, making it convenient to home owners and bringing premium imports closer to shoppers in Thornhill, Bendor, Mall of the North and surrounds. There will be a big celebration to look forward to. Visit Gilani Tile Warehouse at 11 Iran Avenue in Nirvana, or see what the concept showroom has to offer at 68 Nelson Mandela Drive. Contact the Gilani team on 015 292 5895. Story and photo: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Customers and staff of Gilani Tile Warehouse celebrate their fourth birthday at the store in Iran Avenue last Thursday. Sam Baloyi and Peter Maruapula prepare to help a customer load some of the bargains available at Gilani Tile Warehouse. Yusuf Jali is the braai master at Gilani Tile Warehouse and prepares delicious boerewors rolls.