Defending Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) King of the Cage title holder Paul Kubannek had to hand his champion belt to Josh Muller who was crowned as King of the Cage at the Tini Eksteen Memorial Challenge on Friday evening. About 150 MMA fans flocked to Eksteen s Dojo to witness the ultimate battle between fighters in several categories and the main card attraction of the World International Martial Arts Association &amp; Organisation (Wimaao) Last Man Standing. The event catered for all hoping to see some good fighting spirit. Some of the fights went well into minute mark while others lasted only seconds as a result of knock-outs or tap-out. Muller is not only walking away with the South African Wimaao championship belt but also R6 000 cash after defeating two other opponents in the Last Man Standing battle. He first met with defending title holder Paul Kubannek taking the win after some serious fighting action. In the final he met with Byron Botha whom he had to fight twice and successfully claimed victory in the end, Eksteen s Dojo owner Henri Eksteen said. He added that the event was successful and thanked the supporters. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Henri van Wyk wins a bout of his triple threat clash in the boys 16 years &#8211; 62 to 64 kg division, with a rear naked choke against his opponent Muano Bongwe. Willem Breedt has Sydney Esterhuizen in a bear hug against the cage before going to ground. Breedt won by verbal tap out in the first round. Fighters Zandr Olivier and Justin Smith look each other in the eye while Chief Referee Henri Eksteen explains the rules to them. Olivier finished second overall in the triple threat. Xandr Olivier and Moloko Rasefate battle it out in the final round of the boys 16 years division. Rasefate won the division in the first round due to a tap out from Olivier. Byron Botha launches the blow that sent Stephen Nkwana to the mat within 15 seconds. Chief Referee Henri Eksteen with King of the Cage Part 2 winner Josh Muller.