For almost five decades Tooltric has been part of the heartbeat of Polokwane and on Tuesday this established business celebrated its 45th birthday. Owner Heinz Haas was born in Germany where he also completed a degree in engineering. He came to South Africa in 1965 where he worked for a major elevator company. In 1966 he married Lorna Mockford and the couple often visited her parents in the then Pietersburg. It was during this time that Heinz realised that there was a considerable gap in the specialist tool and machinery market North of Pretoria and he started his own business, Tooltric. Heinz started off visiting customers and selling from brochures from his car in 1971. He soon established himself as an expert in the local market and opened a shop in Church Street. He was the first ever merchant of AEG tools in the then Northern Transvaal. Through it all Lorna stood by his side and helped him build Tooltric into the well known brand it is today. She took care of the books and other administrative work. In 1989 the Haas couple moved Tooltric to the much larger premises in 55A Bok Street where the shop is still situated today. At the same time their son, Frank, joined them in the business. The shop in Bok Street is well organised and welcoming. Off street parking in front of the shop makes it easily accessible and convenient for customers who need professional help and specialised tools. True to his German roots, Heinz believes in true efficiency and says for any job to be cost effective the correct tools are required. Frank has completed several machine and tool training courses, making him an expert in his field and the best possible adviser when it comes to using the correct tools for the job. In later years Frank s wife, Dianne also joined the business in an administrative and financial management capacity and is a great support to Frank. By providing quality tools from reputable suppliers and excellent after sales service, Tooltric has stayed in demand for the past 45 years. To us our clients are not just numbers on a computer screen and we provide that personal touch that keeps customers coming back, says Heinz. Tooltric is a registered supplier of, among others, well known brand names such as Knipex, Diamond Products, AEG, Kennedy, Cromwell, JET Woodworking Machines, Festool, Wiha, Makita, Milwaukee, Metabo, Pferd Cutting and Grinding Discs, Ampol and Fischer. The Haas family is also very active in the community with Heinz being a Past President of the Pietersburg Rotary Club. He is currently a member of the Haenertsburg Rotary Club. He and his wife were also both involved with Rotary International s Youth Exchange Progamme. Frank has been a leading member of the Polokwane community for years, including a Past Chairman of Round Table 22, and is currently the Democratic Alliance (DA) Caucus Leader in the Polokwane Municipal Council. Today Heinz and Lorna are increasingly taking a step back from the business and enjoying the company of their grandchildren while Frank and Dianne are taking the reins at Tooltric. Story and photos: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Stock Controller, Steven Charumbira makes sure that all stock is read in correctly. Peter Sebega has been Tooltric s Bike Messenger for over 25 years. Matthew Mashitisho is in charge of repairs at Tooltric. Denise van Niekerk is busy with administrative work at Tooltric. Linford Manamela is a Salesman at Tooltric. Francois Bosman, Tooltric Salesman, with Heinz Haas. Francois has been working at Tooltric for the past 16 years. Tooltric stocks specialised tools like this enormous spanner displayed by Frank. Always ready with a cup of tea. Elizabeth Lekgothoane is a Cleaner and Tea Lady at Tooltric. &nbsp;