Seeff Polokwane now offers a one-stop service to their clients who want to buy properties as investment with the intent to rent. Polokwane has a very lively rental market at the moment and we want to give our clients the best possible service when renting their properties. We focus on both residential and commercial properties and offer our clients excellent service and value for money, says Oliver Moorcroft, Principal of Seeff Polokwane. Property will always be a great investment, no matter how strong or weak the economy. Not only will a buyer s investment grow annually, their rental income will also grow by 8% every year, he explains. If you are a buy-to-let investor, yields may not always perform as you would like them to as they fluctuate depending on the market. If you are an investor it is important to be patient and to keep long-term goals in mind when times are not favourable, Samuel Seeff, Seeff Chairperson reiterates. Those looking to invest in the buy-to-let market should do their homework thoroughly. While it is true that there is a growing demand for rental property all over the country it is still important that buy-to-let investors equip themselves with specific knowledge as to the price bands that are most in demand to eliminate the risk of ending up with a vacant property. Buy-to-let investors must ask agents details regarding monthly costs such as levies, rates and taxes and other special fees that may be payable in future. When a buy-to-let investor has the ability to gear a transaction adequately with a deposit, it may well be possible to create a positive cash flow on the transaction, Seeff says. He explains that owning a buy-to-let property demands time and effort and owners have to take factors like consistent maintenance into account. Unless you are in the rental business, you would be best advised to work with a credible rental agent before leaping into investing. Sandy Smith is Seeff Polo-kwane s dedicated agent who works with rental properties. Her expertise and commitment to her clients means top quality service and excellent returns on investments. Smith can be contacted on 0832687436 or send an email to sandy.smith@seeff.com. Featured Photo: Photo: Supplied &#8211; Sandy Smith works with rental properties at Seeff Polokwane. MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com