Hi-Q Ladine reaches out to the Polokwane community on a regular basis either by making donations or providing a helping hand, especially to the less privileged and by their support of national initiatives like Slipper Day and Heritage Day. They also offer special offers on multi tyre brands and sizes such as Goodyear, Pirelli, BFGoodrich, Michelin, Dunlop, Bridgestone, Coopers and Continental as well as credit towards replacing damaged passenger tyres with their latest initiative, TyreSurance. Featured photo: Leon Diedericks, Jolanda Rutherford and Lezelle Smit of Hi-Q Ladine with three babies of Ngwana Baby House and the blan Sam Ndlovu recommends free TyreSurance to all customers. kets donated to the house. Fitment technicians Martin Selota, Abel Khosa, Wellington Mhungu, Admore Mavunduse and Alex Mhungu show off the stickers they bought in support of Slipper Day. Hi-Q Ladine s latest community outreach was on Heritage Day when they offered free boerewors rolls to their regular customers. The retailer donated rugby jerseys to teams from Ho rskool Pie tersburg, Laerskool Pietersburg-Oos, Curro Heuwelkruin and Akademie Reformia. The retailer donated rugby jerseys to teams from Ho rskool Pie tersburg, Laerskool Pietersburg-Oos, Curro Heuwelkruin and Akademie Reformia. The retailer donated rugby jerseys to teams from Ho rskool Pie tersburg, Laerskool Pietersburg-Oos, Curro Heuwelkruin and Akademie Reformia. The retailer donated rugby jerseys to teams from Ho rskool Pie tersburg, Laerskool Pietersburg-Oos, Curro Heuwelkruin and Akademie Reformia. Hi-Q Ladine is currently running a special offer on various tyre brands and sizes like Cooper, BFGoodrich and Michelin. Another initiative by the management of Hi-Q Ladine and Cooper Tyres who sponsored new tyres and rims for local band, JUBA Brothers vehicle. Staff members of Hi-Q Ladine supporting Slipper Day. They are Jolanda Rutherford, Lezelle Smit, Vernon Delport, Muller Coetzee, Armand du Plessis, Neville du Preez and Corn Pieterse. Right: The retailer donated rugby jerseys to teams from Ho rskool Pietersburg, Laerskool Pietersburg-Oos, Curro Heuwelkruin and Akademie Reformia.