After a short absence from the local market, BB GWM Polokwane recently reopened their doors on the corner of Landdros Mar and Devenish streets. The dealership boats a dedicated and enthusiastic team of three sales executives who are passionate about service delivery and providing the best advice to prospective buyers. The team also includes a finance and insurance consultant eager to negotiate the best rates at major banks. GWM Polokwane offers a vehicle to everyone s taste and needs from compact crossovers to hard working bakkies. The Steed bakkie has continuously proven itself over time. Among the many reasons why bakkies are so popular is the fact that they re able to carry large loads. GWM Steed line-up bakkies can easily transport essentials and features a tough exterior fitting in when being used as a hauling mule. A high ground clearance with a standard skid plate means your GMW won t be phased by larger rocks and hills. The interior also offers comfort. Being a workhorse, luxury is among the last things one would expect in a utility vehicle. However, GWM is available in single and double cabs featuring several luxury additions ensuring a pleasant ride. The Steed 5 offers a reliable 2,2 MPI engine which is strong enough to carry and tow any heavy load. All the variants from the commercial range of GWM are fitted with stunning features to make any task a whole lot easier. The GWM Steed 5 is a commercial vehicle that is designed to make bakkies affordable for the masses. With a tough segment that features several products, GWM is aiming to become a pillar within South Africa s bakkie segment by producing solid and reliable models that feature elite specifications and a fraction of the price. GWM recently introduced the M4 Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV) compact crossover which is a smash-hit sales success in global markets, and is also loved by South Africa s trendy urbanites. Sporting fresh looks and lots of features as standard, the M4 represents affordable crossover attitude. Its raised ground clearance makes it a confident runner in the urban jungle or on gravel roads, and the interior s host of entertainment features makes sure that the road trip never gets boring. The M4 is powered by GWM s trusty 1,5-litre VVT-i engine that delivers 71 kW at 6 000 rpm and 138 Nm of torque to the front wheels via a slick five-speed manual transmission. The engine features variable valve timing, benefitting not only performance but also fuel economy. The M4 sips fuel at the rate of 7,2 litres/100 km (combined cycle) depending on driving style and environment, translating to a CO2 emissions figure of 172 g/km. A top speed of 170 km/h is claimed. For more information on the vehicles visit their showroom or contact them on 015 001 0300. Story and photo: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The GWM Polokwane team consists of Elijah Rambau (Sales Executive), Jean-Marie Botha (Finance and Insurance Consultant), Zander Bezuidenhout (Sales Executive) and Moloko Jackson Moloise (Sales Executive).