The new Land Rover Discovery Sport combines design excellence, engineering integrity and exceptional versatility to create a premium compact Sport Utility Vehicle and is available at Land Rover Polokwane. The modern, relevant and compelling vehicle with its well-proportioned compact body and purposeful stance features a distinctive silhouette and beautiful sculpted surfaces all combined to create a vehicle that truly connects on an emotional level. Strong dynamic lines and robust detailing signal the Discovery Sport s breadth of capability. Signature features include a clamshell bonnet and distinctive two bar grille with hexagonal mesh. The desirability of the exterior design continues into the cabin with bold horizontal and vertical lines. Complemented by clean surfaces, superb finishes and optional premium leathers to promote what is a highly versatile package. The Discovery Sport offers exemplary levels of comfort and outstanding versatility. The second row is extremely spacious and flexible with the seats able to slide back and forth by 160 mm for greater load space or comfort. With the rear seats stored flat the Discovery Sport provides 1 698 litres of cargo space. The interior is complemented by clean surfaces and superb finishes. Occupants will never get bored as the interior is packed with entertainment. Land Rover partnered with Meridian, a world leader in audio technologies and digital sound processing, to develop advanced audio systems for the Discovery Sport. The optional Meridian Surround Sound System offers 17 speakers including a subwoofer which delivers superb sound and is noted for its excellent reproduction quality from all sources radio, CD, iPod or USB. The new Discovery Sport comes in three engine variants a 2,2 SD4 and 2,2 litre TD4 diesel and a 2.0 litre petrol engine. The SD4 and TD4 engine delivers 140 kW and 110 kW respectively and deliver strong, effortless performance with impressive refinement. The engines have been developed to provide generous power with a very broad torque curve, reduced noise levels and low CO2 emissions. The petrol model features a turbocharged 177 kW engine. Technology has this engine combining six cylinder refinement and performance with four cylinder economy. Both petrol en diesel engines in the Discovery Sport are paired with a state-of-the-art nine-speed automatic gearbox with an innovative adaptive shifting system which matches the driver s mood within seconds. It is one of the most efficient and technically advanced transmissions used in a production vehicle and its controls include rotary gearshift and steering wheel mounted paddle shifters as standard. The nine gears deliver improvement in fuel economy and a corresponding reduction in CO2 emissions. The Discovery Sport hosts a variety of safety features such as Hill Descent Control (HDC), Anti-lock Braking System (ABS), Electronic Power Assisted Steering (EPAS), Electronic Traction Control (ETC), Dynamic Stability Control (DSC), Roll Stability Control (RSC), Emergency Brake Assist (EBA) and Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD). For more information on the new Discovery Sport visit Land Rover Polokwane at 64 Hans van Rensburg Street or contact them on 015 291 9700. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The new Discovery Sport is available from R8 499 per month* at Land Rover Polokwane. *Terms and conditions apply. FSP: 18300. (Photo: Internet)