Thabo Senong, Head Coach of the South African u.20 men s national soccer team and Assistant Coach of Bafana Bafana has come a long way since his decision to become a professional coach little over a decade ago. The latest of his accomplishments is the prestigious Coach of the Year Award from the Department of Sport, Arts and Culture that was bestowed on him last Saturday. His fellow nominees in the category were Mihloti Shiwambana who coaches intellectually impaired athletes and well known swimming coach Douggie Eagar to the title during the annual Limpopo Sport and Recreation Awards. He was recognised for his role in the success of the South African u.20 men s national team, nicknamed the Amajita, that qualified for the 2017 Africa u.20 Cup of Nations. The top four teams from the biennial international youth football tournament set to take place in Zambia from 26 February to 12 March 2017 will qualify for the 2017 Fifa u.20 World Cup to be held in South Korea. I am very excited and proud of this achievement and, if truth be told, I didn t even expect to be nominated. It is my first award as a coach and I am very humbled to be recognised by my people and leaders in Limpopo. I am very committed to scouting and coaching. That is my passion, Senong said. He said the Amajita was doing well and he was glad that people had taken notice of the good job they are doing as coaches. I am still a student of the game and I have already learnt so much from working in the u.23 and Bafana Bafana set-up. It has been a good year all round. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the South African Football Association and my mentor Ephraim Shakes Mashaba for giving me a platform to express my passion and talent, Senong added. He has an immense passion for community service beyond coaching which includes scouting soccer talent in far-flung villages in the province and around the country which host tournaments during the school holidays. Currently Johannesburg based Senong, 36, hails from Motlolo village in the Sekhukhune area. He was roped in at Orlando Pirates Football Club development at the age of 26. He holds coaching qualifications in Level 1, 2, 3 as well as Confederations and African Football (CAF) A and B licenses. He also mentors other coaches and is part of the South African Breweries-level coaching education programme. He was also honoured for being the assistant coach of the South African u.23 National Team that qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympic Games and was also on the bench as an assistant when Bafana Bafana qualified for the 2015 Equatorial Guinea Africa Cup of Nations Tournament. Like many other successful coaches he played street football at an early age but then found his passion in coaching and mentoring players. His coaching skills attracted the likes of Mashaba who roped him in to assist the national team in 2014 and since then he has never looked back. Story and photo: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za Featured photo: Thabo Senong is the 2016 winner of the Coach of the Year Award that was announced during the 2016 Limpopo Sport and Recreation Awards on Saturday.