Zohra Khan is a multi-awarded and respected building contractor and developer, having recently won two more awards, the MEC s Merit Award and the award for the Best Rural Housing Project, at the 2016 provincial Govan Mbeki Awards ceremony hosted by the Department of Cooperative Governance, Human Settlements and Traditional Affairs,. She wasn t keen to enter but her Senior Administrative Officer and Human Resources Manager, Margareth Makoti entered on her behalf for Zorha Khan Developers CC, the company described by her workforce as home . Khan is a woman with a large heart and an extended adopted family, because all who work for her become part of her family . Ask each of her top team members how long they have been working at the company they would answer five years or longer. Khan explains how, when the company was registered, her first name was misspelled and she had left it at that. Her long history as awards winner started in 2000, when she was awarded Best Woman Contractor at the annual provincial Govan Mbeki awards ceremony. In 2008 she was awarded Best Subsidy Builder of the Year, in 2012 she received her first MEC s Merit Award and was also named Best Woman Contractor of the Year. While these awards are listed on her website and grace the walls at her office in Ladine Makoti is quick to bring and show off other awards, like the accolade as Best Woman Contractor in Africa awarded by Africa Reconnect in 2015 and another first place awarded by the IB Business Women s Association of South Africa. I have an excellent, vibrant and youthful team, I am just the face behind the name, Khan humbly stated. It all started way back at a very successful general dealership that Khan and her husband owned in Dikgale. I learnt about the building trade there, because I had to assist the people who wanted to add rooms and build structures to calculate how much of whatever they would need for building the structures. In 1996 Khan started as an assistant in the African National Congress s (ANC) offices to help would- be students obtain bursaries. Then there were talks of building RDP houses and I talked to my family and said we should get involved. We used to build schools in Lebowakgomo. My husband could not leave our business so I ventured out in the construction business and applied to build RDP houses. Her husband now oversees the mechanical part of Zorha Khan Developers CC, as they closed the business in Dikgale in 2009 after a traumatising robbery. The couple has three grown sons, but all workers in the construction business are her family. We still live there in the rural area, and the people I hire are from that area, people that I know and have grown up in front of me, sometimes. Once they work for me, I adopt them, they become part of the family. The project she tackled and which caused her to win the latest award are in a very mountainous are near Louis Trichardt. Five other contractors refused to take on this project because of the poor accessibility of the area. She however felt sorry for the people and the extreme poverty they were living in and said yes, against all advice from her team. We have the capacity to build 100 houses per month. There, because of the difficulties and the area we took seven months to build 125 houses. It did not matter that we had a huge wage bill for the protracted period of building. It was a payback of sorts. I had to help those people. This game takes a lot out of you, but you have to have a passion for what you are doing. Khan loves to relax at the beach, and once a year the family goes to Durban on vacation. That is also where she wants to retire within the next five years. She also likes reading short stories for relaxation. The company employs 98 bricklayers, each of whom employ two helpers from the community where they build and then transfer skills to them, as well as 87 permanent workers such as drivers and subcontractors. Story and photo: NELIE ERASMUS &gt;&gt;nelie.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Zohra Khan, the face behind Zorha Khan Developers CC. 