Floris de Kock, Estate Agent at Leapfrog Property in Polokwane, recently won a trip for two to Dubai in the Dream Bigger Live Better competition run by Better Life Home Loans. De Kock was told that he had to go to Johannesburg urgently for a meeting with Better Life Home Loans management and they would pay for his flight to Johannesburg. When I arrived, all I could see were sheiks and camels running up to me and then I heard the wonderful news that I won a trip to Dubai, he says. Anybody who works with home loans and mortgages could enter this competition as long as they were registered agents with Better Life Home Loans. All you have to do was to submit your dream, no matter how big, and winners are chosen by lucky draw. The competition ends in June, De Kock explains and adds that he will be travelling to Dubai in October, although he still has to pick a travel partner. De Kock is no stranger to winning, although usually he wins awards for his prowess in the property field. He is definitely not your average estate agent, winning his first major award, Polokwane Rookie Estate Agent of the Year 2012, in the first year that he started work as an agent. He also won the Leapfrog Top Country Agent by Number of Sales Award, Leapfrog Top Country Agent by Value of Sales Award, and the Better Life Top Supporting Agent Award twice each. The jewel in his crown is the World Class Agent Award that he won several times. This accolade is only awarded to the top ten Leapfrog agents nationally each year. When asked about the secret of his success, De Kock says he is like a bulldog with a piece of steak. Once I start working for a client, I don t give up until both buyer and seller is completely satisfied. I am completely dedicated to my clients and the number of return business that I receive is testament to that. De Kock also offers extra services like going to the municipality with clients to have services terminated and transferred and extra help in securing home loans. I used to work in several banks home loan divisions and I know how the system works. I always challenge the system, he says. He also helps with pre-approval for home loans and does market related valuations free of charge. Despite his success, De Kock is very humble and recalls with fondness how he sold houses in his first year of being an agent riding a scooter to meet with clients. He is keen to share his expertise with others. My advice is to get a deposit together, because interest rates will force banks to hold back on 100% home loans. It is also important to make sure that your home is priced right or it will never sell. MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Floris de Kock, middle, receives the Leapfrog Top Country Agent by Value of Sales Award from Leapfrog South Africa CEO, Jan le Roux, and Shaun Rademeyer, Chief Operating Officer of Better Life Home Loans. Leapfrog South Africa s Managing Director, Bruce Swain, congratulates Floris de Kock with his World Class Agent Award, while Mark Coetzee, Chief Operating Operator of Private Property holds the award. Floris de Kock shows off some of his prized awards.