With the competitive environment surrounding today s real estate market, some homeowners who have decided to move to another property may find themselves asking whether it is best to first sell their existing property, or find another home before they sell their current one. Adrian Goslett, Regional Director and Chief Executive Officer of RE/MAX of Southern Africa in a recent press release said that with high demand and low inventory buyers need to move quickly when they find a property that they really want even if it means putting in an offer while still owning another property. The answer largely depends on their personal circumstances and unique situation. There are a few aspects that first need to be considered and will influence the homeowner s decision. These factors include the financial options available to them, local market conditions and of course the homeowner s feelings about moving more than once should they have to vacate their current home before the new home is available, Goslett said. Finance Only a small percentage of buyers are able to purchase a property with cash, while most are reliant on banks to obtain the necessary finance. This means that homebuyers who are upgrading to a larger or more expensive home may need the equity from the sale of their current home as a deposit. In the instance where the sale of the owner s current home needs to happen first, they could sell the property and then negotiate with the new owners that they rent the property back from them until they find a new place. This will depend on how eager the new owner is to move into their new home and the previous owner will be required to pay occupational rent, Goslett said adding that another option would be for the seller to find temporary accommodation with family members or friends or at a short-term rental. According to Goslett, sellers who would like an advance on their home equity can opt to have the money bridged before the sale of the home is concluded. The bridging finance will be based on the equity available on the property, the seller s credit record and the expected cash inflow. Local market conditions While there are external factors that impact the property market in general, most areas will be uniquely affected by their individual circumstances. Aspects such as the type of home, price range and availability of other similar homes in the area will all have an impact of the sale of the property. A real estate professional will be a valuable source of information when it comes to researching the specific factors that influence the property market in a particular area. The agent will be able to provide the homeowner with insight into how long homes are sitting on the market for on average, and how much they are selling for. This information will be vital when gauging time frames and possible equity expected from the sale, Goslett said. On the opposite end, from a buying perspective, the purchaser should be researching properties that are available in the areas they want to buy in, looking at all aspects of the neighbourhood and elements that may have an influence on their decision. Risk and emotion Regardless of whether the homeowner decides to sell first, or buy and then sell, each option brings with it an element of risk. For this reason, homeowners must ask themselves whether it would be better to sell first and possibly not have accommodation to go to or buy first and have two bonds to pay until the one home is sold. Although there will be an emotional element that drives the answers to each of these questions, ultimately the answers should be based on the financial options available, along with the local market conditions. Either way, the homeowner will need to be prepared and have a plan in place to deal with the consequences of each scenario, Goslett concluded.