After 11 years in South Africa Eagle s Nest Christian School educators Chris and Pamela Chapota will return to their homeland, Malawi to establish an Eagle s Nest Academy in Lilongwe next year. We will establish the school in partnership with Eagle s Nest Christian School, Chris said. Eagle s Nest principal Mac van den Berg gave his blessings to the Chapotas venture. The couple served as staff members at Eagle Nest since 2005. Chris holds a Master s degree in Curriculum and Instruction from the Concordia University in the United States of America after obtaining a Bachelor s degree in Education at the Southland University in Australia. He taught English to Grades 9 to 12 and served as Head of Department for the high school from 2008 to 2013 and the Intermediate Phase from 2014 to 2016. Pamela was Head of Department for the Foundation Phase. The couple will leave next week to renovate the classrooms and acquire equipment. They already have seven rooms available that a church in Lilongwe has given them to establish the school. The school year in Malawi starts in August, and by that time the couple hope to have everything in place. We have become comfortable here and I am looking forward to begin this new phase and the new challenges ahead, Chris said. It has been a memorable experience to help shape the lives of children of this nation and beyond. My desire has been to see Christ-centred education implemented and experienced through our teaching and lifestyle. I believe education is one of the vehicles which can be used to change the course of Africa. I have a passion to see Africa develop an intellectually empowered and Christ-centred generation to take this continent to the next level. He said it has been an enriching experience serving with great minds at Eagle s Nest. One of his highlights was to see the changes in the lives of children up to when they leave school in Grade 12. Every year children come back and tell us their stories and give testimonials. Those are memorable moments. Teaching is a rewarding profession. I pray that by God s amazing grace the school shall grow from strength to strength as it continues to endeavour to develop Christian leaders. Story and photo: NELIE ERASMUS &gt;&gt;nelie.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Chris and Pamela Chapota are going back to Malawi to establish an Eagle s Nest Academy there.