Most residents not only associate Bolivia Lodge with true hospitality, but also with community mindedness and caring for local charities. During the past 20 years under current management, this establishment certainly carved out a niche in the city s hearts. Rest and peace for body and soul This award-winning three star convention centre is truly an island of tranquillity and it is hard to believe that Bolivia Lodge is situated only 600 m from Mall of the North, 9 km from Polokwane International Airport, 6 km from the Polokwane CBD and a 5 minute drive from the Peter Mokaba Stadium. Here guests can relax in the quiet gardens and enjoy a good night s rest in any of the 106 en-suite rooms ranging from luxurious honey moon or executive suite, to the premium, standard or budget rooms perfect for any preference or budget. The overnight accommodation offers ample parking, 24-hour security, 24-hour reception, a swimming pool, room service between 19:00 and 21:00 and free Wi-Fi. An overnight laundry service is available on request and the on-site mini-spa, Healthy Bodies provides massage and reflexology services. A day to remember the perfect wedding With more than 20 years experience in the wedding industry, Bolivia Lodge s wedding coordinator, Sue Botes is sure to turn any bride and bridegroom s dreams of a perfect wedding day into a reality. Bolivia Lodge offers a wide range of venues including the massive Limpopo and Ivory Halls which can each seat up to 900 people and the more intimate Baobab Hall that seats 150 guests and leaves ample space for a dance floor. There are also two chapels, Lepelle and Lephalala on site and a pool deck where guests can enjoy a pre-drink. The pool deck can also be set up for a garden wedding. We strive to provide in all our guests needs and will bend over backwards to make any bride s dreams come true. Couples who plan to tie the knot in Polokwane can contact us at Bolivia Lodge to find out how we can best assist them, says Chrezanne Dunkley, General Manager at Bolivia Lodge. Conferences, concerts and exhibitions Bolivia Lodge specialises in conferencing with some of the best facilities available in the city. Whether planning a small meeting, fashion show, expo or a massive symphony orchestra, the lodge offers the perfect venue. They also recently added the Nzhelele Braai Boma to their venues, providing for casual outdoor fun around the camp fire &#8211; a great favourite among guests. A private bar service is available, providing the opportunity for individual groups to be served from a dedicated service point and the highly trained chefs are able to cater to any requirements including vegetarian, Halaal, Kosher or diabetic meals. As part of their function service, Bolivia Lodge offers two standby generators that start up automatically during power failures, standard single or two tier stages, free audiovisual services and access to the lodge s amenities. A complimentary guest shuttle service is available on request to ferry guests to malls, the airport, bus stations and sports stadiums. In the heart of the community The personnel, management and owners of Bolivia Lodge are serious about giving back to the community and to do their bit for charitable causes. By taking part in initiatives like Mandela Day, Casual Day and paying their Tekkie Tax every year employees contribute to worthy causes whenever the opportunity presents itself. Bolivia Lodge is also famous for its generosity when it comes to events organised to raise funds for good causes. Story: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Photos: MARKI FRANKEN AND YOLANDE NEL Featured photo: Bolivia Lodge s personnel strive to make each guest s experience at the lodge memorable. Guests at Bolivia Lodge have access to the sparkling pool on the premises. The rustic Nzhelele Braai Boma is a popular recent addition to Bolivia Lodge s venues. Bolivia Lodge staff don their tekkies annually on Tekkie Tax Day in support of various charitable causes. Chrezanne Dunkley is the General Manager at Bolivia Lodge. The prestigious Queen of the North beauty pageant was recently hosted at Bolivia Lodge. Salome Monamo, Helen Letsoalo and Tammy Whitehead are Bolivia Lodge s friendly receptionists. Bolivia Lodge offers a myriad of tranquil spaces where guests can take in nature s beauty. Bolivia Lodge offers a myriad of tranquil spaces where guests can take in nature s beauty. No event is too big or too small for Bolivia Lodge to handle with flair. Food and Beverage Manager Dewald Haynes is an accomplished chef. Beautiful d cor and a finer touch are synonymous with Bolivia Lodge functions. Bolivia Lodge s Limpopo Hall boasts incredible acoustics and famed youth orchestra, Simfonia Juventi held hugely successful shows in this hall for five years running.