The elegant launch of the Limpopo Film Commission and signing of a memorandum of understanding between the Managing Director of Limpopo Economic Development Agency (Leda) Ben Mphahlele and the National Film and Video Foundation (NFVF) Chief Executive Officer Zama Nkosi held Tuesday evening in Polokwane was marred by silent protest from a group of film makers from the province headed by Romeo Ramauda, Chairperson of the Limpopo Arts and Culture Youth Forum. Ramauda during an interview earlier today (Wednesday) said the forum will be laying charges of assault against the Department of Economic Development, Environment and Tourism (Ledet) as well as against the owners of the venue where the function was held as he and his co-protesters were manhandled by security guards of Ledet MEC Seaparo Sekoati and the venue where the event took place. Sekoati called on the security guards to leave the protesters as they also have a message, but the security personnel thought it necessary to intervene and forced the group to leave the venue. Ramauda said the forum represents the artists in the province. They launch a thing in our name, but we are not part of it and have never been consulted, he said, and threatened to disrupt all functions where possible where they and their interests are discussed. Mofasi Lekota, Leda Board chairperson informed guests attending the function that the purpose was to launch the Limpopo Film Commission and formalise the relationship between Leda and the NFVF by the signing of the memorandum. Phil Molefe, Member of the NFVF said the foundations laid yesterday are a small step but very significant for the collaboration between the two entities. He said skills development was a very important aspect of the future as digital terrestrial technology being rolled out will create opportunities for film and TV expansion. He also said the unique African narrative about experiences of people on the ground can only be told by the people of Africa. Sekoati said a sleeping giant has been awakened in the province which is to benefit young people and tried and tested captains of the industry alike. He is optimistic that this initiative will create many employment opportunities while symbolising the uniqueness of Limpopo and thus enhance tourism to the province. He added that South African story-telling cannot be duplicated and the themes have cultural appeal. He said there is a wealth of powerful history and value systems that can be expressed in films made in the province. He said the aim of the commission was to also attract international producers, help develop business skills, supply the film industry and make available infrastructure, regulate the provincial film industry and help create sustainable enterprises, share IT knowledge and unearth talent in the province. Tonight is a turning point in the industry, he said. Story and photos: NELIE ERASMUS &gt;&gt;nelie.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Zama Nkosi, NFVF CEO (middle) and Ben Mphahlele, MD of Leda, signs the Memorandum of Understanding while Ledet MEC, Seaparo Sekoati, and other dignitaries watch. Jackie Motsepe, Chairperson of the KwaZulu-Natal Film Commission also attended the launch of the Limpopo Film Commission. Pam Mashiane and NFVF member Phil Molefe. Romeo Ramauda, Chairperson of the Limpopo Arts and Culture Youth Forum is removed by security personnel after silent protest by a group of artists. Lesley Musina, Muvhango cast member and Programme Director for the launch. Ben Mphahlele, managing Director of Leda. Mofasi Lekota, Leda Board Chairperson.