Limpopo Impala Cricket (LIC) President John Mogodi last Friday announced the provincial u.17, u.15, u.13 and u.19 boys and girls teams that will contest in various cricket events across the country as from next week. The u.19 boys team will represent the province in Bloemfontein at the Khaya Majola Coca-Cola Week from 16 to 20 December. The team consists of Nyiko Shikwambani, Morn Venter (Captain), Tumisang Letsoalo, Corne Craig, Nyiko Mavulwani, Collins Mashele, Pomulo Srimnger, Sahil Patel, Timothy Elphinstone, Sias Willemse, Uvesh Patel, Driaan Kruger and Ruvan Kruger. The u.17 boys team will take part in the Momentum Cricket South Africa Week set to take place from 11 to 15 December in Benoni. The team is made up of Franco Oberholzer, Artwell Mokgolobotho (Captain), Glen Groenewald, Ivan Reynecke, AJ Fourie, Gustav Prinsloo, Hlanhla Shikwambani, Phillip Apea-Adu, Fumani Maluleke, James Modiba, Bonolo Musola, Nimroe Lategan and Nsovo Khosa. The u.15 boys team will travel to Potchefstroom to participate in the Momentum Cricket South Africa Week from 9 to 13 December. The team members are Tiaan Enslin, Gerhardus, KT Sono, Nhlamulo Mboweni, Jonah Harms, Devoux Deyzel, Jackson Ndlovu, Lethabo Phakula, Lulama Shilubani, Mikateko Rikhitso, Zane Nkosi, Bart Oerlemans and Diehann Pretorius (Captain). The u.13 team will visit Cape Town for Momentum Cricket Week from 9 to 13 December. They are of Takulani Ebrahim, Sufiyan Dalla, Edimisa Dlalemnyangu, Mohammed Sagir, Khalif Patel (Captain), Sesheko Morwamo tshete, Lesedi Kubyane, Kyle Bridger, Morne Henning, Zander Quinn, Davon Smit and Marco Forrester. The u.19 provincial girls team will be off to Pretoria where the Cricket South Africa week is set to take place from 10 to 14. The team consists of Natasha Ngobeni, Micheala Naude (Captain), Mone Van Niekerk, Anzell Pretorius, Cathleen Horne, Lene Viljone, Appreciate Mativamollela, Jouan Tibana, Lerato Baloyi, Puseletso Mantjane, Amanda Maluleke, Lerato Makgeto and Phyeona Ngobeni. Lucky Mhlongo, Youth and Schools Manager at LIC wished all the teams the best of luck in the various contests. He said he was confident that they would all do the province proud. We believe in the teams that we have selected and I think we have selected the right players who will give their all in their respective teams, Mhlongo said. Morn Venter Captain of the u.19 boys team said he want to do well in this year s Coca-Cola week. I was in the team last year and we did not do well. We were knocked out at the early stages of the tournament and that did not sit well with us. This time we want to reach the final, Venter said. &nbsp; Story and photo: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za &nbsp; Featured photo: John Mogodi, President of Limpopo Impala Cricket congratulates Morn Venter after he was named Captain of the provincial u.19 team. 