The Festive Season is here and BB Motors Honda and Suzuki Polokwane are, apart from offering only quality vehicles, also giving clients the opportunity to have their vehicles checked bumper to bumper to ensure a trouble-free journey this Festive Season. Honda and Suzuki owners can from today (Thursday) until the end of December book their vehicles for a 101 point check for only R280, excluding VAT, to ensure all is in order before departing on holiday. This is a way of giving back to our clients and to ensure that their vehicles are in 100% working order for the Festive Season. With this initiative we hope to detect any issues that might cause problems during long journeys and to give clients the satisfaction and peace at mind that their vehicles are in top condition and ready for the holiday season, Dealer Principal Pieter du Plessis said. If you have already started packing but noticed that your vehicle is too small for the whole family and their luggage, Honda Polokwane has a solution with the recently launched BR-V Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV). The new addition to the Honda line-up is taking the idea of SUV to a new level. The seven-seater BR-V s prowess comes together seamlessly with a strong and sporty exterior to make it the perfect car for the city drive or weekend getaway. Its bold, wide stance gives you a style with strength that is only further enhanced by projector headlamps, wide front grill design and LED position lamps. Inside the cabin you are met with a sophisticated and sporty all-black colour scheme, modern dashboard design, high quality material and highly versatile and comfortable three rows of seats to fit seven people. The silver accents and piano black finish on the instrument panel combined with the white lit 3D speedometer with Multi Information Display (MID) gives you an interior with a sporty appeal. MID allows the driver to monitor all important trip and vehicle information including driving range, instantaneous and average fuel efficiency, temperature and time. Under the hood lurks Honda s famous 1,5 litre i-VTEC engine. The BR-V isn t just about space and style, it is also about real performance out of the vehicle. The best part of the BR-V is that the engine is coupled with a new six-speed manual transmission that comes standard across the line-up for better performance. The engine delivers 88 kW power at 6 600 rpm and 145 Nm torque at 4 600 rpm. Honda is also taking safety serious in the BR-V. The spacious seven-seater was specifically designed with a host of safety features to ensure all occupants safety. It boasts both driver and passenger airbags and Honda s Advanced Compatibility Engineering (ACE) allows the vehicle to absorb and distribute the force in the cabin during a collision. For more information on the 101 check or the Honda BR-V contact Honda Polokwane on 015 297 0099. &nbsp; Stiry and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The new Honda BR-V is good looking and stylish. With space for seven people the BR-V is the ultimate family vehicle.