Limpopo has reason to celebrate as the province s home girl, Olympic gold medallist Caster Semenya who was named Sportswoman of the Year at the South African Sport Awards in Bloemfontein on Sunday. The award came as no surprise taking into consideration Semenya s past achievements and her inspired performances prior to and during the 2016 Olympic Games held in Rio de Janeiro earlier this year from where she brought home gold in the women s 800 m. Limpopo has more reason to celebrate as Benny s Sports Academy was named Developing School Team of the Year. Premier Stan Mathabatha in a press release issued on Monday said: Caster is indeed our golden girl and we are honoured to have such an asset in the province that young people can emulate. We are proud of her. Referring to Benny s Sports Academy he said: It means there is something good that we are doing in Limpopo. Several national teams have one or two boys from Limpopo who are doing extremely well. Those that come to mind are Hlompho Kekana and Tirhani Mabunda of Sundowns, Mulomowandau Mathoho of Kaiser Chiefs and many others hailing from towns and villages in our province. Other big names who were awarded for their achievements are Olympic 400 m record holder Wayde van Niekerk who was named Sport Star of the Year, Sportsman of the Year and People s Choice and his coach Ans Botha as Coach of the Year. Also awarded were Mamelodi Sundown as Sports Team of the Year; Charl du Toit as Sportsman of the Year with a disability; Ilse Hayes, Sportswoman of the Year with a disability; Karen Losch, Sports Administrator of the Year; Ntando Mahlangu, Newcomer of the Year; Kim Pople, Volunteer of the Year; North West Khokho Team, Indigenous Games Team of the Year; Roller Sport South Africa, National Federation of the Year; Egoli Squash, Recreation Body of the Year; Sydney Mahlangu, Photographer of the Year; Thabiso Sithole, Journalist of the Year and St Benedict s Men s Coxless Pair, School Team of the Year. The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) has in the meantime announced the finalists of the 2016 IAAF World Athlete of the Year awards. Semenya was shortlisted together with Van Niekerk who made it to the top three. Mathabatha also congratulated Tumisang Makweya who swept the stakes with six awards at the Crown Gospel Awards hosted in Durban on Sunday. Makweya, a medical doctor, practices gospel music in his free time. We believe he has become an antidote for our spiritual healing through gospel music. We hope to see him at the Mapungubwe Gospel Festival next year, the statement read. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: South African Sportswoman of the Year and Olympic gold medallist Caster Semenya celebrates her victory in the 800 m for women at the 2016 Olympic Games.