Armed with blankets, camping chairs, picnic baskets and mattresses, residents flocked to Mall of the North on Saturday evening to enjoy cult classic Grease on a giant inflatable big screen under the stars. With a variety of food and drink stalls to choose from, it was difficult to say no to the delightful treats on offer. There was also designer coffee to keep the cold at bay. Several restaurants from Mall of the North offered a delivery service with waiters running to and fro, taking orders and delivering dinners. A few vintage carnival rides, including an authentic big wheel that was very popular, and games rounded off the picture along with the classic cars that made for fun photo opportunities. Quite a few Grease fans surprised with their innovative 1950s outfits and the best dressed walked away with great prizes. Cansa volunteers dressed up in their best sock hop outfits and sold cupcakes from trays they carried around their necks the way that ushers used to sell snacks in movie theatres in the past. They were a definite hit with the younger crowd and made a major contribution to the fun of the evening. The Universe of Rhythm and Dance Company, trained and choreographed by Jouney-Anne Steenkamp also delivered a thrilling Grease themed dance number, one of many highlights of the evening. Movie goer Voni Hlungwane attended the event with her daughter, Teko and commented on the innovative idea by Mall of the North Marketing Manager, Mari Delport. Polokwane needs more fun family nights out and Mall of the North definitely fulfilled a need here tonight, she said. Delport said the movie night was her first major undertaking as Mall of the North Marketing Manager and that she was pleased with the turnout and the way that the weather played along. I heard one woman tell her friend that the whole experience brought back pleasant memories from her childhood and I had to dab away a tear when I saw two senior citizens sitting snug against each other, holding hands while enjoying a film from their younger days, she said. We plan a similar event for Valentine s Day and invite the public to keep an eye on the Mall of the North Facebook page for more information. Delport thanked all the sponsors, judges, music and lighting specialists and stall operators who helped make the night a huge success. Story and photos: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Lenie and Lizzy Altenroxel are dressed to the nines for the Mall of the North Grease Under the Stars experience on Saturday. Mia and Kelsy van der Merwe on the big wheel. A group of children make the most of the designated dance area. Karabo and Ngwage Mahoala admire one of the classic vehicles on display. Miley and Lika van Schalkwyk enjoy a picnic before the screening begins. Amaarah Mohammad, Rendani Ratshibvumo and Bibi Aysha Mohammad play around at the Grease event. Teko Hlungwani and her mother, Voni are bundled up against the evening breeze, ready to enjoy Grease on the big screen. Chelsey Schlebusch is dressed up as Sandy and ready to take a whirl on the big wheel. Cansa volunteer Refentje Matabane sells cupcakes to raise funds for this charity. Brigette Verveen strikes a pose in front of one of the classic cars.