After a short absence from the local market, BB GWM Polokwane reopened their doors earlier this year and boasts a dedicated and enthusiastic sales team who is passionate about service delivery and providing the best advice to prospective buyers. Among their fleet are vehicles to everyone s taste and needs but one vehicle that really stands out from the crowd is the new Steed 6 bakkie which has continuously proven itself over time. The Steed 6 offers a high ground clearance with a standard skid plate which means your GMW won t be phased by larger rocks and hills. The prominent chromed grille and bold nose styling with projector-style headlights and LED driving lights plus a skid plate distinguishes it from its lesser kin. Courtesy of an extra long wheelbase, the Steed 6 offers stretch-out rear legroom, 15 cm longer with a 3 200 mm wheelbase cabin space. Step inside the Steed 6 and one quickly discovers a cabin that would do any luxury SUV proud. The facia design is European with two deep-set analogue instrumentation gauges flanking a comprehensive trip computer. Unique to this segment is the leather covering of the instrumentation binnacle, a touch that reinforces the Steed 6 s upmarket feel. Other examples of this premium focus include a leather-wrapped, four-spoke multi-function steering wheel and piano-black trim on the facia. The modern dashboard design and quality of interior trim came as no surprise and its technological refinement is up to standard and well equipped. Available in two trim levels, the SX offers climate control, dual front air bags and a radio/CD with Bluetooth, a height adjustable driver seat, Anti Brake-lock System (ABS), Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD), an Eaton rear diff-lock and 16-inch alloy wheels. The Xscape is a full-house package which include factory fitted side steps, roll bar and roof rails while the interior offers leather seats with electric adjustments for the driver, six airbags, cruise control, auto lights and wipers, Electronic Stability Programme (ESP) and hill-start assist. The Steed 6 is powered by GWM s popular and in-house developed 2.0-litre VGT turbodiesel engine that delivers exceptional power, economy and refinement. The VGT engine has received widespread acclaim, and has been further refined for the Steed 6. Boasting Euro-IV compliancy, this direct-injection, variable geometry turbo engine delivers 105 kW and a meaty 305 Nm of torque. A six-speed manual transmission is fitted. The claimed combined cycle fuel consumption figure for this engine is a low 8,8 litre per 100 km. With a combination of all the bells and whistles not usually expected in a bakkie and some distinctive looks, it came to no surprise that the new GWM Steed 6 was announced Bakkie &amp; Truck magazine s Best Bakkie last year. &nbsp; Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The new GWM Steed 6 is not only good looking but also a performer. The luxurious interior is inviting and comfortable.