A recent presentation before the Legislature s Public Participation and Petitions Committee by a group of complainants from Disteneng led to the committee resolving that the Polokwane Municipality should reinstate the Disteneng Dispute Resolution Committee. The Dispute Resolution Committee was disbanded in April 2016, according to the municipality s acting Communications and Marketing Manager, Matshidiso Mothapo. All the disputes received were settled then. The Dispute Resolution Committee was set up before the relocations started to resolve all disputes and ensure all complaints are dealt with. The Public Participation and Petitions Committee resolved that, based on claims that the list of complainants presented to it was not inclusive of all those who may be affected, such cases should be dealt with individually and according to merit. The complainants who claimed that some people were overlooked with the awarding of stands by the municipality following relocations two years ago and was tasked with providing the municipality and petitions committee with the list of names of people that they claimed were not treated fairly. Videos taken during the relocations and showing alleged mistreatment and abuse of the relocated persons by municipal officials were shown to the committee. Following presentations by both parties, the petitions committee commented that the work done by the municipality to transform Disteneng from squalor was commendable and that the process should be allowed to continue without hindrance. The municipality is satisfied with the ruling of the petitions committee as it is consistent with the ruling of the Public Protector and other structures like the South African National Civics Organisation who intervened on the matter previously. Unfortunately the complainants are looking for an outcome in their favour, Mothapo said. The municipality has throughout cooperated with all structures and we are content that this matter is finally being brought to rest and development in the area shall continue to benefit the community. Story, photo &amp; video: NELIE ERASMUS &gt;&gt;nelie.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Public Participation and Petitions Committee Chairperson Elias Nong, Polokwane Executive Mayor Thembi Nkadimeng, Assistant Manager Housing Robert Maetisa and Mayoral Committee for Housing member Tshepo Nkwe during the presentation by complainants from Disteneng. 