This year s annual prize giving of Zanis Gymnastics Academy was an extra special occasion where several gymnasts were not only awarded trophies for their top performance during the year but the club also celebrated its 25th year in existence. Gymnasts on all levels were awarded the past week on respective days with the senior gymnasts receiving their trophies last Thursday evening. Head Coach and co-owner, Zani Prinsloo said the club is privileged and the success of the past 25 years was achieved through the grace of God. For the first time in seven years Zanis was able to host a cross tumble event again. As the senior gymnasts finished their career we were no longer to able to host cross tumble. Now for the first time we had enough senior gymnasts to form a team to participate in the event, Prinsloo said. She congratulated all gymnasts on their awards as well as their parents for supporting them. The following awards were made: Artistic girls Mia van der Merwe, best progress level 1; Lejane Bredenkamp, best level 1 gymnast at North Zone Championships; Lean Lourens, best level 2 gymnast at North Zone Championships; Vin van den Heever, best level 3 at North Zone Championships; Sanja Pretorius, best level 4 to 6 gymnast at SA Gym Games; Lara Prenzler, most hardworking gymnast. Xanri Steenkamp and Cleo-Anne Manamela share the trophy for longstanding membership both 12 years. Artistic boys Zaeem Cassim, best level 1 gymnast at North Zone Championships; Lulu Mathoba best improvement level 1; Zack Schnell, highest apparatus score at North Zone Championships level 1; Julian Lombard, best level 2 u.9 gymnast at North Zone Championships; Berco van der Linde, best level 2 over 9 gymnast at North Zone Championships; Caleb Braack, most progressed primary school gymnast; Martin Botha, best primary school gymnast at SA Gym Games and Liam Botha and Kyle Herz share the trophy for best high school gymnast at SA Gym Games. Ayden Venter and Pedri Neethling share the trophy for best level 3 gymnast at North Zone Championships. Rhythmic Reatlegile Ledwaba, best level 1 u.7 provincial gymnast; Jeanell Malan, best level 1 u.7 interprovincial gymnast; Naledi Jantjies, best level 1 u.8 interprovincial gymnast; Lehlogonolo Semenya, best level 1 u.9 interprovincial gymnast; Lepsy Chuene, best level 2 u.8 interprovincial gymnast; Thato Moena, best level 2 u.9 interprovincial gymnast; Mikaila Jacobs, best level 3 interprovincial gymnast; Melchizedek Maponya, best primary school level 4 to 7 gymnast at SA Gym Games and Monene Kelly, best high school gymnast at SA Gym Games. Trampoline Elizmarie Miller, best level 1 beginner and Leandr du Preez, Trampoline Gymnast of the Year. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Level 1 to 3 artistic gymnasts awarded trophies. In front are Ayden Venter, Zaeem Cassim, Zack Schnell, Lulu Matoba, Julian Lombard and Berco van der Linde. In the middle are Lejan Bredenkamp, Lean Lourens, Leandr du Preez, Vin van den Heever, Elizmarie Miller en Mia van der Merwe. At the back are coaches Tanya Bouwman, Annemarie du Plessis, Cecil van den Bergh, Zani Prinsloo and Lesley Bonne. Trampoline gymnasts Leandr du Preez, Martin Weweje and Duncan Tilburn with their trophies. At the back are coaches Tanya Bouwman and Cecil van den Bergh. Zanis coaches with the gymnasts sharing trophies. Coach Cecil van den Bergh, Liam Botha, Kyle Herz and Coach Annemarie du Plessis are in front. At the back are coaches Lesley Bonne and Zani Prinsloo, Cleo-Anne Manamela, Xanri Steenkamp and Coach Tanya Bouwman. The level 4 to 6 artistic girls are Xanri Steenkamp, Sanja Pretorius, Lara Prenzler, Leandre du Preez, Abbigail de Jager, Cailin Menzies, Cleo-Anne Manamela and Cherelee Vos. Coach Tanya Bouwman is seated in the front. Level 4 to 6 floating trophy winners are in front Coach Tanya Bouwman, Melchizedek Maponya, Martin Botha and Caleb Braack. At the back are Coach Annemarie du Plessis, Lara Prenzler, Sanja Pretorius, coaches Cecil van den Bergh and Lesley Bonne, Monene Kelly, Coach Zani Prinsloo and Leandr du Preez. The level 4 to 6 rhythmic gymnasts. In front Bontle Mahlangu, Melchizedek Maponya, Perez Maponya, Rotondwa Maudu and Keletso Montani. At the back are Xanthe Botha, Monene Kelly, Zelmarie Jacobs and Mariole Schurink. Zanis level 4 to 6 artistic boys are, in front, Caleb Braack and Martin Botha. In the middle are Pieter Bronkhorst and Sebastiaan Austin with Coach Cecil van den Bergh, Kyle Herz and Liam Botha at the back.