The Police s elite VIP Protection and Security Unit located in Limpopo is under attack as allegations of ongoing abuse of power, malpractice, victimisation, nepotism and violation of Police policies and regulations were unearthed this week when news broke of legal proceedings to be lodged against its provincial head by the South African Policing Union (Sapu). Sapu in Limpopo is intending to take a matter to court on behalf of Matee Molele, a Lieutenant-Colonel who was tasked with the protection of former Presidents Nelson Mandela, FW De Klerk, Thabo Mbeki, Jacob Zuma and ex-President Jean-Bertrand Aristide of Haiti in the past. A promotion on 1 November 2004 apparently brought Molele to Limpopo, where he had occupied the position of VIP-In-Transit Unit Commander since January 2005. It was learnt that while in the position he was given the responsibility to protect former Premiers Sello Moloto, Cassel Mathale and current Premier Stan Mathabatha. However, in the beginning of 2014 the status quo changed when multiple charges were brought against Molele, whom the Director of Public Prosecutions declined to prosecute criminally and who was found not guilty after departmental disciplinary action brought against him on charges of allegedly assaulting his one superior, attempted assassination of two of his superiors and theft of a State radio. It was established that Molele was found not guilty both departmentally and criminally on all charges against him in the past. According to Sapu Provincial Secretary Solly Bulala the charges against Molele followed the forwarding of reports which he addressed to the hierarchy at the national Police headquarters highlighting the alleged questionable work ethics and conduct of the Provincial Head of VIP Protection and Security Services in Limpopo, Joseph Makushu. All avenues were exhausted in an attempt for the issue to receive attention from then Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa, suspended Police Commissioner Ria Phiyega and Police management but to no avail, Bulala emphasised. In substantiating documentation of which copies were made available to Polokwane Observer, Molele was vocal on Makushu s actions being supported by VIP Protection Unit Provincial Commander Ben Olivier. The documentation includes reports addressed to the relevant individuals over regular intervals in January, February and August 2014. In the documentation Molele made reference to, among others, the appointment of a colonel claimed to be the girlfriend of Makushu, whom he accused of thwarting selection panel processes allegedly conducted in his office at the time which he labelled tantamount to full-blown corruption that was covered up throughout. Also investigations against him in terms of allegations of the planned assassination of Makushu and Olivier and theft of State property were mentioned. Since 5 March 2014 he has been placed at the Joint Operations Centre of the Limpopo Police until the instruction by a Divisional Commissioner at the Police head office for his reinstatement at the VIP Protection and Security Unit in Polokwane with effect 1 December 2016. Bulala pointed out that Sapu had resorted to legal action after a threat by Makushu to charge Molele with insubordination upon his return to the unit, as per order by the Police at national and in the province, proclaimed during a meeting with Makushu s management structure present that same day. Bulala said Molele was in the dark about where to report for duty in the light of the latest developments. Bulala said he took the matter to Sapu s legal section to have the order of the Police at national and provincial level enforced. Bulala referred to taxpayers money to be wasted on the Police defending the matter in court in future, all prompted by Makushu s conduct. Upon Sapu pursuing a High Court application seeking Molele s reinstatement within the VIP Protection and Services Unit, they intended turning to the Public Protector for recourse, he added. Calling Makushu a law unto his own who was perceived to be untouchable, Bulala stressed that there had been no intervention in the matter the past three years and assistance was seemingly not forthcoming from anyone in the Police whether at national or provincial levels. He added that Sapu believed that all persons were equal before the law. This also counts for Brigadier Joseph Makushu against whom several allegations were brought in the past, but nothing was done to address the wrongs. This raises concern that this person is above anybody in the South African Police. He expressed the belief that when reporting wrongdoing and corruption in the service, Molele was under siege by Makushu. Now we will fight him in court. In conclusion Bulala raised the issue that Molele s expertise and experience were lost to South Africa because he was currently under-utilised in the Police and could also not be promoted in terms of the evaluation and application for posts in future. When approached for comment on the phone, Molele declined and referred Polo kwane Observer to Bulala. In response on behalf of the Provincial Police, Motlafela Mojapelo said they didn t want to respond on issues between employer and employee and the matter was being dealt with internally. Story: YOLANDE NEL &gt;&gt;observer.yolande@gmail.com