The rental of a luxury Range Rover sports utility vehicle for the use of Capricorn District Municipality (CDM) Executive Mayor John Mpe that cost the municipality R153 404 per month for a period of three months, is now under scrutiny after it was revealed that the transaction was done through a travel agency, thereby inflating the total cost of the contract. On Monday, Mpe confirmed to Polokwane Observer that he has himself directed that the matter be investigated and brought to the Municipal Public Accounts Committee (MPAC) for disposal. Although it was reported in the media that the exorbitant amount, that equals more than R5 000 per day was paid to lease the vehicle, it has now been confirmed by the municipality that the money was paid to an agent of the municipality, Reatswelela Travel &amp; Tours, who holds the tender to make travel and accommodation bookings on behalf of the municipality. When Reatswelela s offices at Gateway International Airport were visited on Tuesday, staff refused to provide the name of the owner of the business and also indicated that they are not at liberty to discuss the business of their clients with others. The history of the municipality s past transactions with the service provider should also be interrogated. It is the function of the municipality s officials to facilitate transport for the Executive Mayor in terms of the set policies and budget and any actions in contravention thereof will be severely dealt with, Mpe said to Polokwane Observer on Monday. The Range Rover was replaced by a modest Mercedes-Benz C-class some two weeks ago and CDM s Communications Manager Jabu Masondo explained that the amount, of which more than R450 000 has been paid over the last three months, was for rental, fuel, kilometres travelled as well as other expenses . Masondo could not confirm the rental fee only, but enquiries at local car rental agencies showed that a vehicle similar to the Range Rover can be rented at R21 060 per month. Moffat Senyatsi, Media Liaison Officer of CDM explained to Polokwane Observer that the previous mayoral vehicle has exceeded its economical lifespan and had to be replaced. The vehicle covered more than 120 000 km and has been involved in two accidents. It is also out of its maintenance plan and repair costs are soaring, Senyatsi said, adding that the funds for the expenditure was covered in the fleet management vote that was approved by council as part of the current budget. Asked why the process to procure a replacement vehicle has not started earlier, Senyatsi said that the transition from one council to the other affected the process and that some decisions were left for the new council. There is now a council resolution in place and we are proceeding with the procurement of a new vehicle in terms of the municipality s supply chain management procedures, Senyatsi confirmed. In a further development, a delegation from the Democratic Alliance (DA) led by CDM councillor David Setjie last Friday filed a complaint with the Public Protector in the city, requesting an investigation into fruitless and wasteful expenditure at the municipality. Story and photos: BARRY VILJOEN &gt;&gt;barryv.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: CDM Executive Mayor John Mpe. DA municipal councillors Jacques Joubert, Rudolf Lourens, Mariette Pretorius, David Setjie, Andro Botha and Khetan Vallabh at the office of the Public Protector in the city.