Learners of the Intermediate Phase at Mitchell House received awards during a ceremony at the school on Friday. Individuals as well as groups of achievers were recognised and received trophies or certificates from Principal Andrew Cook. Cook congratulated the achievers and announced that the school will have an additional Grade 0 as well as another Grade 1 class starting next year. We are also entertaining the possibility of opening an early childhood development centre next year, Cook announced. Learners Faizaan Gani (Grade 6) and his sister Ameera (Grade 4) were recognised for their achievements to raise awareness of South Africa s unique culture and wildlife by each writing a book, A Galjoen s Tale and A Dassie s Tale , respectively. Mitchell House Marketing Manager Achsah Phoshoko said that learners from the school s Intermediate Phase did well at the South African Association for Science and Technology Educators (Saaste) National Science Olympiad. Nationally, the Grade 4s were placed third, Grade 5s second and the Grade 6s and 7s shared first place. Our learners did extremely well on an individual level as well. Grade 4s Ameera Gani and Nuha Hassim were placed second in the country and Farihah Issufu and Letabo Mokgoatsane third. Grade 5 learner Letago Ramoshaba was second with Jacques Snyman and Nakedi Mairere, third. In Grade 6 Lebo Mothiba took first place nationally and Ismail Gani was third. Grade 7s Risana Baloyi finished second while Ismail Gani, Itu Mogadime and Kudzei Managa finished in third place, Phoshoko reported. Story and photo: BARRY VILJOEN &gt;&gt;barryv.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Faizaan Gani and his sister Ameera, authors of A Galjoen s Tale and A Dassie s Tale , respectively. Achievers at the Saaste National Science Olympiad are Farihah Issufo, Nuha Hassim and Ameera Gani, with Kudzei Matanga, Lethabo Mokgoatsana, Nakedi Malele, Letago Ramoshaba, Jacques Snyman and Faizaan Gani in front. In the second row are Abdul Haider, Risana Baloyi, Itumeleng Mogadime and Davon Smit with Kudzai Chitate, Ismail Gani, Mudathir Cassim and Xolwe Nukeri at the back. Itu Mogadime receives the Dux Award for top marks in all Grade 7 subjects, English, Afrikaans, Mathematics, Economic Management Sciences and Natural Science and Technology from Principal Andrew Cook. Sportswoman of the Year, Dineo Nkopane and Sportsman of the Year, Davon Smit.