White African objets d art contrasted against a dark red background and highlighted with cleverly placed fixtures make a clear statement about elegance and class at the Harvest Grill &amp; Wine. Meropa Casino and Entertainment World recently upgraded their Harvest Char Coal Grill restaurant to the more upmarket Harvest Grill &amp; Wine and opened up new worlds with their well-rounded menu and extensive wine list. At the helm of this venture is Chef John Sadie, who has more than 20 years experience in the hospitality industry. Sadie has been with Sun International for the past five years and put his weight behind Harvest Grill &amp; Wine in October last 2015. My tenure with Sun International has been very educational with regards to business operations. There is more to the business than just cooking and preparing food. The industry culture is about cultivating and nurturing business and with this last growth spurt, we saw the conversion of our Harvest Char Coal Grill into the Harvest Grill &amp; Wine, Sadie says. Meropa invited Polokwa ne Observer to sample some of the dishes on the menu, starting with blackened mushrooms served with cream spinach and a mushroom sauce, topped off with melted cheese and basil pesto. We try to be inventive and prepare dishes that we know are firm favourites with a little more flair than other restaurants, says Sadie when asked about the twists on the original recipe. This was followed by Harvest Grill &amp; Wine s Earth and Water plate consisting of four prawns, steak, crispy onion rings and fries. For desert, Sadie and his team brought out a delectable Tiramisu, light enough to end the meal on a sweet note without overpowering the senses or weighing down the experience. According to Raksha Gunpath, Meropa s Public Relations and Promotions Manager other desert favourites include malva pudding and cr me br l e. Our patrons also love the Eisbein, pork ribs, oxtail and lamb shank, she said. Sadie added that the restaurant offers a variety of dishes including beef ribs for those who do not eat pork and crayfish as an exotic treat. Story and photos: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Chef John Sadie shows off Meropa s Harvest Grill &amp; Wine Earth and Water plate. The new Harvest Grill &amp; Wine has an elegant look and feel.