For the past 15 years Ben Schempers, his family and Shell Bendor on the corner of De Wet and Munnik drives had earned their place in Polokwane through excellent service and by going the extra mile. On Friday Schempers and his team officially unveiled the newly revamped Shell Select convenience store complete with a Torrador by Vida e Caff deli. The Torrador by Vida e Caff brand was co-developed by Vida e and Shell with a more adaptable menu which caters to a wider customer base and enables Vida e to offer customers across varying locations, tastes and affordability levels, the same quality coffee at different price points. All pastries, muffins and snacks are freshly baked on the premises while the health foods are prepared with love and sold within 24 hours of preparation. Schempers says the delicious, but healthy sandwiches, yoghurt snacks and sweet treats are already very popular with customers, while the coffee is a huge attraction. Shell Select at Shell Bendor boasts a fresher look with new shelves and a brighter interior. Here customers can buy anything from snacks for the road to ice and even household items. There is also a medical dispensary vending machine that sells over the counter drugs for those times of emergencies when pharmacies are closed or the customer does not have time to find a pharmacy. In the forecourt, customers can expect the same excellent friendly service that they have become used to and petrol attendants will go out of their way to ensure a happy customer. During the opening a team from Shell South Africa set up a stall where they handed out gifts to customers. Lively music and banners also contributed to the festive atmosphere. Schempers thanks his loyal customers and says without the people that supported him over the years, he would not have been able to make a success of this filling station for the past 15 years. I am also very proud of my team here and want to thank them for their hard work, decication and extra care when it comes to customer service. Every person here does his best and that is what makes patrons return to us time and again. Story and photos: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The Shell representatives who brightened up the official unveiling of the Shell Bendor revamp are Makhosini Mposula, Mantsoaki Sebeela, Nthabiseng Serakwane, Shell Limpopo Territory Manager, Ben Schempers, Shell Bendor owner, Lefa Modisaesi, Bukelwa Mgobozi and Sipho Mtsweni. Shell Bendor Select Shop s friendly assistants are Sydwell Chauke, Assistant Manager, Nkele Mothude, Cashier, Sophy Shokane, Cashier, and Juda Sophesy, Assistant Manager. Shell Bendor Petrol Attendants Peter Monyela, Mathapelo Rapitjana and Abram Chokoe. Thomas Chollo and Seleka Mogoboya, Petrol Attendants, with Solomon Rasekgothoma, Shell Bendor Quality Manager. Thabo Monyela and Christine Hlatshwayo, Food Specialists and Baristas, are ready to serve at the Shell Bendor Torrador by Vida e Caff .