Excitement overflows following the announcement by the Premier Soccer League (PSL) last week that the Peter Mokaba Stadium will host this year s Telkom Knockout Final between Super Sport United Football Club and Cape Town City Football Club on Saturday. This is the second domestic Cup final this year to be played at the Peter Mokaba Stadium after it hosted the Nedbank Cup Final between Orlando Pirates and Super Sport Football in May. Mato Madlala, acting Chief Executive Officer of PSL reportedly said the Cup Final is not just football but an opportunity for the people of Limpopo to be part of the festivities on Saturday. We know that in December people want to have fun and the opportunity for the people of Limpopo to be part of the festivities. The music concert is in line with this theme. So, we have something for football lovers and also for people who are music enthusiasts. This year s Telkom Knockout competition has dished out quality football on the field and it is only apt that we close it in style, Madlala said. Jacqui O Sullivan, Telkom SA Group Executive: Communication &amp; Brand Marketing said: We are excited about this year s Telkom Knockout Final and look forward to hosting it at the historic Peter Mokaba stadium in Polokwane. Looking back at the great display of quality football in the tournament this season, there s no doubt that fans will be treated to another exciting goal-fest encounter. We aim to put together a grand finale of unlimited festivity and are working around the clock to ensure that fans have an unforgettable experience. If you re an avid supporter, a local, or just eager for a really epic atmosphere, this is going to be a nail-biter you won t want to miss. According to O Sullivan the music concert will feature some of the country s hottest music talent, such as DJ Ganyani, Arthur Mafokate, Winne Mashaba, Solly Moholo and Khaya Mthethwa who are set to perform before the kick-off. Ahead of the final, Telkom will give supporters of the beautiful game an opportunity to enjoy unlimited rivalry on SA s lowest call rate. Roadshows will be held in and around Polokwane starting at Seshego Circle and Limpopo Mall. On the eve of the final (Friday), roadshows will take place at Paledi Mall and Mankweng Shopping Centre from 8:00 till 4:00. Having the Telkom Knockout just as the Festive Season gets underway means we can end a memorable year of football in South Africa with a bang. We are excited that the final will be played in Polokwane and we can assure the supporters of great entertainment as we paint the city blue. We urge supporters to bring their family members for a great outing which features live performances and great action on the pitch, O Sullivan said. Story: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za &nbsp;