Entrepreneurs, owners and representatives of small, medium and micro-sized enterprises (SMMEs) as well as interested parties recently gathered at the Taboo Ayob Hall in Mokopane to exchange ideas. The Entrepreneurs Day and exhibition was hosted by the Small Enterprise Development Agency (Seda) in Limpopo, who also made use of this opportunity to launch the new Finfind funding aid. The exhibition gave budding entrepreneurs the opportunity to learn from more experienced business people and offered a unique networking opportunity. Steve Botha, Branch Manager of Seda Waterberg explained that Seda was established in December 2004 and is an agency of the Department of Small Business Development. It is mandated to implement government s small business strategy, design and implement a national delivery network for small enterprise development and integrate government funded small enterprise support agencies. Seda s mission is to develop, support and promote small enterprises. Finfind Representative, Mike Chauke explained how this new one-stop access to finance worked. He explained that is a web based solution that has a comprehensive database of all government and private sector funders and enables small businesses to find funders for their businesses as well as assess their finance readiness. Someone looking for funding can now just go to www.finfindeasy.co.za and follow the easy instructions to find out what type of funding is available to grow a specific business. The online portal also offers small business advice and financial management tools to make running a small business easier and more profitable. The portal offers specific sites for lenders, business advisors and accountants to ensure help and advice is appropriate and correct. Chauke invited guests to visit the website to find out how they could benefit from this initiative. Story: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Steve Botha, Branch Manager of Seda Waterberg welcomes guests to the Seda Entrepreneurs Day. (photos supplied) Mike Chauke, Finfind Representative explains how the online portal assists small business owners.