Shoppers and employees at Mall of the North recently participated in a five day blood drive held by the South African National Blood Services (SANBS) and donated 81 units of blood. By donating blood the participants, who turned up in numbers, assisted the service in gathering stock for the Festive Season when the need for blood is even higher than at other times of the year. With the Festive Season already in full swing the service is under more pressure to maintain the basic stock levels of blood. While road accidents are on the increase so is the need for blood and related products. The service says while it has four days of blood supply left in stock, levels can drop during holidays as collection is minimal with added impact of availability in the weeks ahead. Moipone Selemela, first time donor said she was glad to take part in the event and contribute to the campaign. Blood donation is one of the most significant contributions that a person can make towards society and I believe my donation will make a difference out there, Selemela said. Armand Potgieter, second time donor said for him it was important to donate blood because there are lots of patients who are in dire need of blood. There is a shortage of blood in hospitals. I came here to donate because I want to save lives and ease the shortage, he said. SANBS Limpopo Public Relations Practitioner Dottie Pinn said with the campaign they wanted to accumulate enough blood for the Festive Season. We want to thank everyone who took part in the campaign as it eases our task to provide in the ever increasing demand. Story and photos: Alet-Elize van Jaarsveld &gt;&gt;alet-elize@observer.co.za Featured photo: Lifa Tshivhangani is assessed by Aletta Sukubala, SANBS Phlebotomist to ensure he is in good enough health to donate blood. Fourth time donor Aluwani Sadika made sure to donate his unit whilst at the mall for his festive shopping. Armand Potgieter is a second time donor and contributed his unit during his lunchtime. Moipone Selemela, a first time donor volunteer completes the prescribed questionnaire.