Peter Mokaba stadium played host to the thrilling final of the 2016 Telkom Knockout Cup on Saturday when Cape Town City Football Club beat Super Sport United 2-1 to take home the trophy. Cape Town City s goals were scored by Aubrey Ngoma and Judas Moseamedi in the first and second half respectively while Kingston Nkatha scored the consolation goal for United in the second half. Ngoma whose inspiring performance on the day earned him the Man of the Match Award said he was happy to have contributed to his team s success. I want to thank my teammates and the technical team. Everyone gave his all during the match. It was a tough match, most of the Super Sport players have cup final experience. We relied on our speed and counterattacks and it worked, Ngoma said. Cape Town City Coach Eric Tinkler, a member of the triumphant 1996 Bafana Bafana team that won the African Cup of Nations said he was proud of the team s performance during the entire tournament. I am very proud of the boys, they have shown character and determination over the past four months. They deserve the trophy, he said. Cape Town City is currently on top of the Premier Soccer League (PSL) log with 24 points after 12 matches. Tinkler said they won t put themselves under pressure but take every match as it comes. Our target is no different than before the season. We need to hit that 30 point mark in the league, then we will start aiming higher after that, Tinkler said. Story and photos: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za Featured photo: Management and players of Cape Town City Football celebrate their Telkom Knockout Cup victory. Super Sport defender and midfielder Joseph Boxall and Reneilwe Letsholonyane remain alert as Cape Town City Club defender readies to strike the ball. Lebogang Manyama, Captain of Cape Town City Football and Super Sport United striker Thuso Phala exchange jerseys after the match. Man of the Match, Cape Town City striker Aubrey Ngoma. Sport, Arts and Culture MEC Onicca Moloi and Polokwane Executive Mayor Thembi Nkadimeng during the singing of the national anthem before the start of the match. Cape Town City Football Club players Phaladi Kobola and Lehlohonolo Majoro celebrate their team s victory over Super Sport United. Cape Town City Football Club defender Thamsanqa Mkhize and Super Sport United defender Onismo Bhasera go all out for possession of the ball.