The Festive Season in South Africa is synonymous with warm weather and long days spent next to bodies of water. Beat the heat this summer with a few cocktails and mocktails that will quench the thirst and keep everyone cool. All ingredients can be found at Ultra Liquors at 82 Landdros Mar Street, Fruit &amp; Veg City Food Lovers Market Thornhill, Makro Polokwane at 1 Marmer Street, and Mall of the North Checkers, Pick n Pay and Woolworths. Story: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Refreshing Mojito Ingredients: 1 lime 10 mint leaves 1 tsp castor sugar Crushed ice 50 ml light rum Soda water Method: Squeeze the juice of 1 lime into your glass and add the fresh mint. Clap it with cupped hands to release the minty flavour. Add a heaped teaspoon of castor sugar. Fill the glass with crushed ice and pour in 50 ml of light rum. Gently mix the ingredients with a spoon to release the flavour of the mint. Top up the glass with soda water and garnish with a slice of lime. Top Tip: Try the non-alcoholic Mojito Sparkling Krusher available at KFC outlets. Rock Shandy enough for the whole family Ingredients: a bottle of lemonade a bottle soda water Angostura bitters &#8211; a few drops according to taste Ice cubes Lemon slices Method: Mix all ingredients and enjoy with plenty of ice Virgin Long Island Iced Tea Mix equal parts Coca-Cola, Sprite and black tea, then add a splash or two of your favourite sour mix to tempt your taste buds. Sangria Ingredients: 1 lemon, sliced 1 Granny Smith apple, quartered, cored and sliced 1 orange, sliced and pips removed 25 g castor sugar 1 bottle of red wine, chilled. Try a Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot or Shiraz 300 ml orange juice 60 ml brandy 300 ml soda water, chilled Method: Cut the lemon slices in half. Put the fruit, sugar, wine, orange juice and brandy in a large jug or serving bowl. Mix well and chill in the refrigerator for at least one hour. Add soda water just before serving. Makes 1,4 ? Top Tip: Try the Sangria Coolers available at Woolworths for a quick and easy way to enjoy this drink.