In a time where many people dream of their well deserved annual holiday and sumptuous festive treats, others are dreaming of just having the most necessary items to survive for another month. Truck and Tractor Specialist Plant, better known as JCB Polokwane joined hands with local residents to collect donations for charitable organisations who specialise in alleviating abject poverty. JCB Polokwane parked two massive TLBs in front of the Woolworths entrance at Mall of the North from Friday to Sunday and invited the public to fill the buckets of these machines with items like non-perishable food, milk formula for infants, clothes, disposable nappies, second hand clothes and linen. The three charities that will benefit from this drive are WOW Ministries, Ivydale Shelter and Ngwana Baby House, a total of 330 adults, 140 children and 24 infants. Organiser Sonicka Gouws, receptionist at JCB Polokwane, says she was pleasantly surprised by the generosity of people and that the project was extended due to popular demand. Many people asked us to give them just one more week to collect and donate more items, she explains. Gouws goes on to press the urgency of this project. Everything on our list is something that the people we help have a great need for. It is not like they are asking for luxuries. They only need the most basic things to survive. The need out there is great and growing every day. Every single donation makes a difference. People who still want to donate to this worthy cause can bring their donations to JCB Polokwane at 9 Marmer Street before Monday. Call them on 015 298 8256 for more information on office hours. There is still a great need for baby clothes, disposable nappies of all sizes, Nan baby formula numbers 1 to 3, clothing and linen, and toys for children of all ages. The people that we help do not ask for much, they are desperate and will wear and use used clothing and linen with thankful hearts, says Gouws. Story and photo: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Sonica Gouws, JCB Polokwane Receptionist and Project Organiser, with Juan Coetzee, Technician and Co-organiser with some of the items donated during the LTB display at Mall of the North. &nbsp;