Former drug and alcohol addict and self-confessed killer Lourens Groenewald recently told the audience at the morning service of Goeie Nuus Aanbiddingsentrum how his life as beggar was changed to preacher through divine intervention. He was invited by the congregation after they became aware of his efforts to reach out to destitute people. At the age of 21, Groenewald, a police official at the time, was deployed to Soweto during the 1976 uprising. We were excommunicated for ten days without food and took our refuge to drugs and alcohol. We were ordered to shoot without asking questions and I can not say how many people I have killed. I was charged for murder but the cases were dismissed as justifiable homicide, Groenewald related. According to Groenewald he was treated in rehabilitation facilities on numerous occasions and finally left the Police in 1990. After serious financial and domestic challenges, I took it to the streets and became a beggar. This is where I met Sindi Mutwa, one of those that I hated and persecuted, after two years of not knowing where my next meal would come from. I was accommodated at the shelter of Dora Mazibuko, Sindi s mother and my life changed altogether, Groenewald said. He explained that he had put the past behind him. I did terrible things but after my life was turned around, I made peace with it because I know that my sins were forgiven, he said. I started to spread the gospel and soon got the name of Thanda Bantu, meaning He loves people . I use music and song to convey my message and has registered more than 50 songs in my name. The songs are on CD and the proceeds are used to feed people on the streets, Groenewald added. Now I take the Good News and hope to squatter camps, shelters, soup kitchens, prisons and rehab s, Groenewald concluded. Story and photos: BARRY VILJOEN &gt;&gt;barryv.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Lourens Groenewald on the pulpit at Goeie Nuus Aanbiddingsentrum recently. The band and singers supporting Lourens Groenewald at his sermon. &nbsp;