When your heart desires a new vehicle for the holiday season but school fees, debt or other expenses in January are leaving a big hole in your budget, MGM Motors Mahindra Polokwane can assist in getting you a brand new Mahindra XUV500 and only pay the first instalment in April. So you will have no worries about a payment of a brand new vehicle until April and still enjoy the luxury and refined sophistication offered by the XUV500 during the Festive Season. The bold cheetah-inspired design and cutting edge technology take the new Mahindra XUV500 to a whole new level of sophistication, whilst the heightened luxury and refinement of the interior keep in touch with the 21st century styling. Upfront, the XUV has new static bending headlamps with light guides integrate perfectly with the stylish grille, whilst the introduction of black detailing running down to the bold chrome of the newly designed fog lamps pick up on the cheetah s unmistakeable tear ducts. The bonnet has also been raised to create a sleek, strong shoulder line. When you move around the vehicle the enhanced detailing continues with the new multi-spoke alloy wheels and reworked vertical door handles. There are chrome scuff plates on first and second row doors and a new chrome appliqu for the tailgate. The plush new all-black leather and climate controlled interior is only the beginning of what the cabin offers. When you open the doors the puddle lamps will show you where to place your feet. The driver seat is eight-way adjustable with fully adjustable tilt and telescopic steering to ensure the perfect driving position. The driver infotainment system delivers crystal clear audio throughout the vehicle and is operated via a 7 colour touch screen display. Voice activation is provided for certain functions as well as fingertip controls on the steering wheel for cruise, audio and mobile phone. The XUV500 is also not just about creature comforts and aesthetics as the infotainment system also reports on vital information about the vehicle from how far you can still drive with the fuel left in the tank to the air pressure and temperature of each tyre. All models come with a 2,2 diesel engine which delivers 103 kW at 3 750 rpm with torque measured at 330 Nm between 1 600 and 2 800 rpm. Equipped with a 70 litre fuel tank the XUV500 is set to take you on long enjoyable journeys. An automatic transmission is also available and coupled with the 2,2 litre diesel engine the gearbox works slickly in sync offering effortless driving. The advanced technology in the XUV500will also ensure your safety with six airbags, intelligent all wheel drive technology, Electronic Stability Programme (ESP), Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) and hill descent en hill hold control. For a test drive or more information visit Mahindra Polokwane at 106 Landdros Mar Street or call them on 015 287 9660. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Buy a Mahindra XUV500 now and only pay the first instalment in April. (photos archive) The interior offers luxury features for a pleasant drive.