The stretch of N1 highway between Mokopane and Mookgo phong, referred to as the road of death by some, claimed the lives of at least 20 people in the past two weeks and yet another six, including that of Mopani District Gymnastics Chairperson and employee of the Department of Sport, Arts and Culture, Maggy Sekhula-Sebola on Saturday. Provincial Police Spokesperson Moat she Ngoepe said a case of culpable homicide is being investigated. It is alleged that a bus had a mechanical fault after which the driver lost control and the bus started to swerve across two lanes. The drivers of a Mercedes-Benz and Volkswagen Polo allegedly tried to avoid a collision with the bus and crashed head-on. Six people were killed and two critically injured. He added that three of the five occupants of the Mercedes-Benz died while the three occupants of the Polo also passed away. Not all of the victims have been identified and their names will be released as soon as their next of kin have been notified. We also urge people who might help with the identification process to visit the Mookgophong Police Station or contact the investigating officer Mape Modiba on 082 443 8911. Sport, Arts and Culture MEC Onicca Moloi extended her condolences to the family of Sekhula-Sebola. This is a sad day for the entire sporting fraternity. We have lost a visionary, who died with her boots on heading to a battlefield to promote sport. Her untimely death comes at a time when we are working towards repositioning sport, Moloi was quoted to have said. She added that Sekhula-Sebola was set to play a pivotal role in the endeavours to produce more athletes particularly in sporting codes for previously disadvantaged people. Our hearts are heavy because Sekhula-Sebola passed away with her husband. Our thoughts are with the family in this dark time. We are praying for God to give them strength and solace. Meanwhile Road Traffic Management Corporation (RTMC) in a media release advised motorists to be extra vigilant when travelling over weekends and at night as the risk of getting involved in collisions increases over this period. An analysis of collisions revealed that fatal road collisions are high on Thursday until Monday with the highest risk between 17:00 and 23:00. RTMC is investigating three major crashes which claimed 16 lives in Limpopo, Free State and KwaZulu-Natal over the weekend. A collision between a minibus taxi and a bus on the N1 near Brandfort killed five people while another five were killed in a collision between a motor vehicle and minibus taxi on the N2 between Tsolo and Umthatha. Both accidents occurred on Saturday, RTMC Spokesperson Simon Zwane said. He added that RTMC calls on motorists to choose their travelling time careful to avoid the risk of being involved in an accident. Traffic volumes are expected to rise sharply over the next few days as people will make their way to various holiday destinations and migrant workers going back home for the Festive Season, Zwane said, adding that high traffic volumes are expected on all national routes and that law enforcing officer will be deployed across the country to bring offenders to book. Story: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The accident scene on the N1 just outside Mookgophong which claimed the lives of six people including Chairperson of the Mopani District Gymnastics from the Department of Sport, Arts and Culture, Maggy Sekhula-Sebola. (Photos: Supplied)