A perceived backlog in refresher training of Police officials in firearm competency has reportedly led to the service pistols of scores of officials in Limpopo being withdrawn, and with it the ability to protect their communities especially at a time of expected heightened criminal activity. The matter is of grave concern to the South African Policing Union (Sapu) in the province, which has prioritised raising it in an urgent upcoming meeting with Provincial Police Commissioner Nneke Ledwaba. Sapu Provincial Secretary Solly Bulala informed Polokwane Observer that they have been approached with complaints about the official firearms of an estimated 50 of their members attached to stations and units across the province having been taken away due to the fact that they haven t been put through refresher training for purposes of proving competency in handling of firearms. Seemingly the situation has been escalating since October as they daily received more complaints, he pointed out. According to Bulala the problem seemed to be a delay in bureaucratic processes preventing them from going for training as prescribed by the Firearms Control Act. He stressed the seriousness of the matter and said not only were their members concerned about the fact that they couldn t protect the community, but the community in turn was worried about Police officials not being fully armed in a country where violence was rife and the Police had to be combat-ready at all times. It was in public interest that the matter was addressed soonest and the process accelerated, he emphasised. According to Bulala a meeting to raise the matter with the Provincial Police Commissioner has been confirmed for 7 December. Police and Prisons Civil Rights Union (Popcru) Provincial Secretary Hangwani Mashao said he was not aware of anyone having been disarmed as a result of not doing refresher training. He expressed the belief that it was the responsibility of the employer to ensure that members were sent for refresher courses and that they had certificates of competency in time to avoid members being disarmed. It was reliably learnt that the Firearms Control Act stipulated that Police officials had to go for firearm competency training at Police training facilities, but that the courses at those institutions were continuously filled to capacity and that government could not take private institutions on board due to cost implications. It was pointed out that any backlog would cause serious problems, which are likely to be attributed to management not identifying the challenges in advance. A source within the ranks of the Limpopo Police speaking to Polokwane Observer on condition of anonymity said that all officials not only had to do the refresher course in handling of their official firearms every five years but also had to go for refresher training in R5 rifles every three months, although it did not happen. The source referred to the danger of guns in the hands of Police members who did not qualify to carry them contributing to a huge problem. Asked for response, Provincial Police spokesperson Motlafela Mojapelo said There is nothing like that . He is still to confirm the meeting between Sapu and the Provincial Police Commissioner. Story: YOLANDE NEL &gt;&gt;observer.yolande@gmail.com &nbsp;