Research has shown that about 80% of all prospective buyers know if a home is right for them within six seconds of stepping inside. The importance of first impressions and increasingly picky buyers in a very competitive market, place further pressure on sellers to put their best foot forward when showing a home for the first time. The major role of a seller is to make the home as attractive as possible to potential buyers and to ensure the necessary time and effort is invested to gain the competitive edge needed to sell the home when the seller wants and at the price the seller wants. Seeff Johannesburg South Licensee, Shawn Mackrell, says a buyer s emotions and the impression they get when stepping into a home can play as big a role as the location, security, size, price and parking space of the property. Buying a home is a big investment and sellers need to be mindful that prospective buyers constantly experience emotions like excitement, optimism and cautiousness. These emotions play a vital role when it comes to consumer buying decisions and something as simple as garbage bags in front of the home or a lawn that is not mowed can be deal breakers. Smells, colours and sounds also play a role, he says. Small ways to make the home more attractive: Make sure all the windows are sparkling clean and keep in mind that one of the most affordable ways to transform your home is with a pot of paint, but paint colour is important Light is very important. Open all blinds and curtains to let the natural light in. Any decorative or track lighting should be switched on. Ensure that the house is neat and free from clutter Repair things like roof tiles, leaking taps and gutters and replace bulbs in light fixtures and vanities. Make sure the kitchen countertops are clean, hang fresh towels in the bathroom and have the carpets cleaned. Something like an unpainted gutter can create the perception that there are serious and expensive problems with the home, while, in fact, it will only cost a few hundred rand to fix. The smell of a fresh pot of coffee gives a homely and cosy feeling. The use of mirrors is encouraged as the buyer can literally see themselves living there. It s always a good idea to ask a friend or an independent party to offer comment on what the home looks like to present to a buyer. Everyone has their own style and you re not trying to impress with your brand or decor, but rather trying to present a clean and attractive home that exudes potential for the next owners, Mackrell concludes. Featured Photo: Supplied &#8211; The Seeff Polokwane team are ready to help create the perfect relationship between seller and buyer in today s competitive market.