If the compact and spacious Citro n C4 Picasso has always been your dream car but the price tag crippled your application, now is the time to get to MGM Motors Peugeot/Citro n Polokwane where the Picasso is on special offer for R62 000 less. The C4 Picasso is surely one of those vehicles which stand out from the crowd with unique lines en exclusive interior design. When you take ownership of a Picasso you can rest assured that little of its rivals can offer all the bells and whistles available in the Picasso. With spectacular and powerful LED light signatures it has a particularly expressive look at the front while the innovative 3D LED lights at the rear add an even more distinctive touch to its silhouette. The interior of the Picasso tells a story of comfort combined with sophistication. It is a design someone has to get used to and first noticeable is the relatively small steering wheel and the absence of a gear knob. Gears are selected with a small lever positioned behind the steering wheel in automatic models while the manual models still host the ordinary gear knob. The cabin offers reinvented driver-vehicle interfaces with two screens: a 7-inch touch screen for controlling all vehicle functions and a 12-inch HD screen for displaying necessary information at the blink of an eye. The Picasso s technologically advanced dashboard is used to control all vehicle functions, including the dual-zone air-conditioning, media, navigation, hands-free Bluetooth technology and driving aids. The 12 inch screen displays all key driving information such as speed, revs and fuel level. It can also be used for displays of vehicle functions and drivers can personalise their screen with one of three graphic styles. The interior of the Picasso further exudes a real loft spirit, bathed in light and strong on user-friendliness and spaciousness. Highlights include premium materials and exclusive massaging seats. Citro n continues to innovate its engines, pushing back the limits to improve performance and provide dynamic and agile road behaviour in all circumstances. The Picasso is 140 kg lighter than its predecessor making it more nimble and environmentally-friendly. The diesel and petrol engines provide remarkable energy efficiency supported by the Stop &amp; Start system which reduces more CO2 emissions and fuel consumption on urban journeys. The Picasso is available in a 1,6 litre turbocharged petrol or diesel engine. The diesel engine is equipped with a six speed manual gearbox while the petrol model boasts a six speed automatic transmission. On the diesel engine, 85 kW of power is available at 3 600 rpm combined with 270 Nm of torque at 1 750 rpm. The petrol engine offers a powerful 121 kW at 6 000 rpm and 240 Nm at 1 400 rpm. Safety is also a priority for Citro n. For more comfort and safety, the Picasso monitors blind-spots, automatically dips the headlamps when it meets an oncoming vehicle and alerts drivers if they unintentionally drift over lane markers to the left and the right. The Picasso makes everyday parking manoeuvres easier with visual assistance from the reversing camera. Park Assist is an active parking system for parallel and perpendicular parking. When activated, it automatically detects a parking space and steers the car safely into the spot. All the driver has to do is shift gears, accelerate and brake. For more information on the Picasso visit Peugeot Polokwane at 106 Landdros Mar Street or contact them on 015 287 9660. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The Citro n C4 Picasso offers more than expected at R62 000 less. The interior offers sophisticated technology and unique design.