Mitchell House will tomorrow (Friday) host a gala dinner at Protea Hotel Ranch Resort where the school s new Legacy Project will be launched. Tito Mboweni, former Reserve Bank Governor who is currently a founding member of Mboweni Brothers Investment Holdings and international advisor of Goldman Sachs International will be the keynote speaker. The gala dinner will start at 17:30 for 18:00 and guests are guaranteed an evening filled with fun, entertainment and insightful wisdom. The theme of the evening is The roaring 20 s and guests are encouraged to dress up in their best flapper and dandy outfits and to enjoy the evening in the company of one of the world s best business minds. The Mitchell House choir and drama group will provide top class entertainment. Mitchell House has a proud inheritance of a purpose-built campus on a beautiful estate; home to the Enrichment Centre, Preparatory School and College. The aim of the Legacy Project is to protect that inheritance and to build on it for the benefit of future generations. The Legacy Project is the means by which interested parties can give life to their commitment to Mitchell House by contributing to the Legacy Fund. The project is a means to develop the school s facilities and ensuring a successful future. The Mitchell House Legacy Project currently focuses on five goals: Building a school hall Building a dining facility Constructing a sports pavilion Building a state-of-the-art science centre Building staff accommodation in order to keep attracting the best teachers Interested parties can buy tickets for tomorrow s dinner by contacting the school on 015 296 0865 or by sending an email to legacy@mitchellhouse.co.za. Tickets cost R500 per person and there will be free babysitting services available. Parents need only to pack a snack pack. Story: MARKI FRANKEN &gt;&gt;marki.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: Tito Mboweni will be the keynote speaker at Mitchell House s Legacy Project launch at Protea Hotel Ranch Resort tomorrow. (photo internet) &nbsp;