The Mazda 3 has since its launch in 2014 took the market by storm with its elegant yet sporty lines and exciting features, but now the Mazda offers a facelift version with some added features which makes the Mazda 3 even more attractive. From perfecting the rotary engine and winning the 24-hours Le Mans endurance race the first time they entered, to breaking the world record for the most sold two-seater convertible in history, Mazda has a long history of making the impossible possible. With its sleek and sporty design every element that makes driving rewarding has been taken to the next level in the Mazda 3. The dynamic lines of KODO Soul of Motion design meet proudly at the front, where smooth headlamps enhance the sophisticated street presence. The elegant interior is crafted precisely around the driver, with the stylish instrument panel and thoughtfully positioned controls keeping you focused on enjoying the drive. The refined cabin carries five occupants in comfort, indulging every passenger with high quality interior finishes and contoured seating. A large central screen puts system information at eye level to access audio system and Bluetooth connectivity for driving enjoyment. While an intuitively placed rotary commander allows you to make your selections without having to look away from the road. Being able to switch menus, audio and navigation (Astina and Astina Plus models) through voice command further adds to effortless control. The new generation vehicle is lighter in weight which unleashes sporting agility whilst delivering smooth-riding, sure-steering confidence. The 2,0 litre SKYACTIV-G petrol engine with G-Vectoring is quick to respond with refined thrust. Whether automatic or manual transmission, gears are shifted with polished precision while exceptional economy adds to the thrill of the drive. The progress is always quiet and efficient thanks to a sleek body that effortlessly cuts through the air. Meanwhile the renowned 1,6 MZR engine continues to deliver exceptional response in performance. Mazda 3 has integrated the full suite of SKYACTIV technology. It is a breakthrough innovation that completely re-engineers every aspect of the vehicle to heighten performance and unleash greater efficiency. Clever features such as i-Stop, available on the 2,0 litre engine, save more fuel by turning the engine off when you come to a stop and restarting it the instant you want to move. Aside from agile responses, the Mazda 3 comes with a batch of safety features that are primed for anything. The body is immensely strong and multiple load paths divert crash energy from the occupant cell, helping achieve world-class collision safety. Airbags are fitted in the front and side and curtain airbags are also included. The Mazda 3 further offers Dynamic Stability Control (DSC), Traction Control System (TCS), Anti-lock Braking System (ABS), Emergency Brake-force Assist (EBA), Hill Launch Assist (HLA) and Emergency Stop Signal (ESS). The Astina and Astina Plus models now also come standard with Lane Keep Assist and Lane Departure Warning. For more information or for a test drive visit Mazda Polokwane on the corner of Schoeman and Rissik Street or contact them on 015 001 0200. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The Mazda 3 offers world-class safety features for a more enjoyable drive. The interior is luxurious and comfortable.