The new Renault Megane is a stunner that draws the eye the moment you set foot on BB Group Renault Polokwane s showroom floor. With its classy lines and uncompromising choices the new Renault Megane has a daring expressive design and assertive style, inspired and strengthened by a unique lighting signature. The new Megane invites you to get behind the wheel and rediscover real sensations with adrenalin guaranteed. The Megane is recognisable as soon as you look at it. Its daytime running lights with LED technology give it a sharp look while the rear lights, also LED and with 3D effect, highlight its unique personality, day and night. The 18 diamond-cut wheel rims available on the GT Line impose their sporty, striking and feisty style. When you open the driver s door the interior speaks of quality and harmony. The cockpit is generous finished with premium features. It offers Eco, Comfort, Neutral, Sport or Personal modes on the MULTI-SENSE system which configures the vehicle to meet your current desires. It controls both technical configurations such as engine response, gear changes, variation in steering wheel effort, engine sound, control responsiveness and on-board environment such as tone of interior lighting, information displayed and colour of instruments. The Megane is powered by either a 1,2 litre or 1,6 litre (GT Line) engine. Both Engines are turbocharged. There is also a 1,6 Dynamique without turbocharger also available. The GT Line offers a powerful 151 kW combined with an EDC Auto gearbox. Boosted by 4CONTROL technology powering the GT the vehicle performs exceptionally well with the seven speed automatic gearbox. It reaches the 100 km/h mark from standstill in a brisk 7,1 seconds while still returning good consumption figures of just 6 litre per 100 km. The GT s exterior design is distinguished by full LED headlights, GT front and rear bumpers with twin exhaust rear diffuser, 18 diamond-cut alloy wheels and GT insignias all round. On-board you are greeted by the fully specked interior featuring an 8,7 multimedia system with built-in navigation, MULTI-SENSE, Automatic Climate Control and leather upholstery with blue inserts. When it comes to safety Renault did not compromise. The Megane offers Anti-lock Braking System (ABS), Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD), Electronic Stability Programme (ESP), Anti-slip Regulation (ASR) and Emergency Brake Assist (EBA). It also features several airbags, Cruise Control and speed limiter, Hill Start Assist and three height adjustable headrests. For more information visit Renault Polokwa ne at 20 Excelsior Street or contact them on 015 287 1300. Story and photos: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The new Renault Megane is available at Renault Polokwane. The interior is packed with luxury features and offers a comfortable drive.