The bold cheetah-inspired design and cutting edge technology take the new Mahindra XUV500 to a whole new level of sophistication and with a six-speed automatic transmission you can be assured of an obvious comfortable drive. Coupled with the 2,2 litre diesel engine the transmission works slickly in sync offering effortless driving. The automatic transmission is perfect and changes gears on urban roads or long journeys smoothly while the driver can keep both hands on the steering wheel. According to Mahindra the CO2 emissions on the front wheel drive is 196 g/km and offers 7,4 litre per 100 km combined fuel consumption. The XUV500 automatic s capabilities to conquer any road condition are perfect to take people to the unseen scenery of Limpopo. Together with dynamic torque from the powerful mHawk engine, featuring a fifth generation variable geometry turbocharger, and enhanced independent suspension to ensure a pleasurable driving experience and superior handling on any terrain, the all new XUV500 has come of age. All models come with a 2,2 diesel engine which delivers 103 kW at 3 750 rpm with torque measured at 330 Nm between 1 600 and 2 800 rpm. Equipped with a 70 litre fuel tank the XUV500 is set to take you on long enjoyable journeys. The XUV500 is well designed and has some striking eye candy features. Upfront, the static bending headlamps with light guides integrate perfectly with the stylish grille, whilst the introduction of black detailing running down to the bold chrome of the fog lamps and raised bonnet better express the sleek, strong design. When you move around the vehicle the enhanced detailing continues with the multi-spoke alloy wheels and reworked vertical door handles. There are chrome scuff plates on first and second row doors and a new chrome appliqu for the tailgate. The plush all-black leather and climate controlled interior is only the beginning. Open the doors and puddle lamps will show you where to place your feet. The driver seat is eight-way adjustable with a fully adjustable tilt and telescopic steering to ensure the perfect driving position. The driver infotainment system delivers crystal clear audio throughout the vehicle and is operated via a 7 colour touch screen display. Voice activation is provided for certain functions as well as fingertip controls on the steering wheel for cruise, audio and mobile phone. The XUV500 is also not just about creature comforts and aesthetics as the infotainment system also reports on vital information about the vehicle from how far you can still drive with the fuel left in the tank to the air pressure and temperature of each tyre. The advanced technology in the XUV500will also ensure your safety with six airbags, intelligent all wheel drive technology, Electronic Stability Programme (ESP), Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) and hill descent and hill hold control. For a test drive or more information visit Mahindra Polokwane at 106 Landdros Mar Street or call them on 015 287 9660. Story and photo: RC Myburgh &gt;&gt;rc.observer@gmail.com Featured photo: The Mahindra XUV500 is also available in a six-speed automatic. An inviting interior offers Mahindra owners comfort and peace at mind.