As a young educator Lindi Khoza never had the expectation of winning an award for something she loves doing. And yet she was recently elevated to the top of the crop by being named the 2016 recipient of the Department of Education s Teaching Award for Excellence in Teaching Science. Her teaching career began in 2001 when, at the tender age of 23, she set out to make her mark as Mathematics and science educator at Eqisweni Secondary School in Tembisa. Seven years later she moved to Ngwana wa Sehlakwane Secondary School at Ga-Mashashane area where she taught Physical Science. A short spell in Ngwana wa Sehlakwane was exchanged for a post at Bokamoso Senior Secondary School in Seshego where she was tasked with teaching Grade 11 and 12 learners Physical and Natural Science. I had a great time in Bokamoso. It was another milestone in my career because I taught matric learners, something that I had never done before. That experience on its own was so valuable and it brought the best out of me. I taught learners who were naturally gifted and some would even point out my mistakes while I was teaching them. That was refreshing, Khoza said. In pursuit of bigger challenges and greener pastures she exchanged Bokamoso for Capricorn High School in 2010 where she is currently responsible for Physical Science in Grades 11 and 12 and is also part of the school management team. She described her move to Capricorn High School as another step in her career. Capricorn is one of the best performing schools in the province and I joined them because I wanted to reach another level of growth in my career. Since I have joined the school, I have seen changes in my life, I have just won an award. I want to thank the school management and school governing body for their support, Khoza said. She dedicated her award to her late grandmother, her family and past and present learners. My grandmother was very supportive, especially when I was growing up. After I matriculated I wanted to be a pharmacist but I was unable to fulfil that dream. I received a bursary to study teaching at Mastec College and at first I was a little bit despondent as it was not exactly what I wanted. But my grandmother was there and encouraged me a lot. Unfortunately she passed on in 2001 and what hurts me most is that she never had the opportunity to taste my salary. My husband has always been supportive. I am an educator because of learners and I want to thank them for enhancing my love for teaching, Khoza said. She plans to establish a science centre in one of the rural villages in the province to help learners who are struggling with Mathematics and Physical Science. These are no easy subjects and they require time and they also need resources. That is my ultimate wish and it will be my way of giving back to the community and teaching profession once it reaches fruition, Khoza said. Story and photo: Herbert Rachuene &gt;&gt;herbert@mailbox.co.za Featured photo: Lindi Khoza s love for teaching has earned her the 2016 Excellence in Teaching Science Award from the Department of Education. &nbsp;