The awards ceremony for winners in the annual Pretty Things for Little Things Campaign, run by the Shoprite Group in conjunction with Age in Action was held at the Association for Persons with Disability s Hall on Thursday. The campaign encourages senior citizens to put their creative talents to work by making clothes and toys for children in disadvantaged communities. Items could be entered in four categories &#8211; soft toys, blankets, clothing and items made from wood, tin and wire. In each category the first prize was R2 000, the second prize R1 500 and the third prize R1 000. Esther Bopape won the soft toy category with Stella Kganakga second and Grace Malahlela third. In the category for blankets the first prize was claimed by Salome Chelopo followed by Dorah Mashile and Tlaila Mafetsa. Salminah Kekana had entered the best item in the clothing category with Mina Matlala second and Phillipine Pheeha third. Constance Thubakgale s house made of cardboard made her a sure winner in the section for other materials Grace Malahlela s woolen bag and Hanepa Maahlo s entry of a wooden bed placed them second and third respectively. The prize for the most items entered went to Elizabeth Ledwaba who made and submitted 357 items. There was also a prize for the organisation or club that entered the most items and the prize went to Unit F and B Association. The oldest female who entered, Elizabeth Themane, 95, was also awarded. Johannelie Knoetze, Provincial Director of Age in Action expressed her gratitude to all who participated and helped to make the campaign a success once again. Strory and photos: Alet-Elize van Jaarsveld &gt;&gt;alet-elize@observer.co.za Featured photo: Johannelie Knoetze, Provincial Director of Age in Action thanking everyone who submitted items that will help deprived children. Christina Itswane, Administrative Manager from Shoprite Schoeman Street presents the prizes in the section for soft toys to winner Esther Bopape. With them are longstanding supporters of the campaign Doris Maswanganyi and Doris Lebese. Constance Thubakgale, winner in the category house made of cardboard. Salome Chelopo, winner in the category for blankets. Category winner Esther Bopape with some of the soft toys she entered for the campaign.