A Grade 12 learner from Capricorn High School, Shanon Thabane was invited to participate in the 2016 One Young World Summit in Ottawa, Canada from 28 September to 1 October. The summit was arranged by its UK-based founders in order to bring together the brightest young leaders from around the world, empowering them to make lasting connections to create positive change. Shanon describes himself as someone who has the drive and will to change his community, country, continent and society as a whole. As a school leader, dedicated sportsman, committed debater, philanthropist and aspiring entrepreneur he strives to serve the community within which he lives. He says he is passionate about contributing towards attaining equal rights for all, poverty alleviation, global peace and change and economic development across all sectors. He further alludes that, being driven towards the development of those around him, he consistently goes out of his way to ensure that they succeed in whatever field they strive, be it in academics, culture or sports. He prides himself in his contribution towards positive change no matter how small it is. Zifundiswa Mahosa, an educator at Capricorn High School describes him as: A critical thinker who, when engaged he will take another dimension. Shanon s many talents and hard work has manifested in a long list of accolades that include The Leo Solomon Cup for Unobtrusive Service to his School three consecutive years, in 2013, 2014 and 2015. The Best Male Speaker award at the 2013 Annual Vice-chancellor s Trophy hosted by the University of Limpopo Debating Society. Various individual as well as team medallions for his participation in the Saccee Polokwane Debating League from 2013 to date. Regional finalist in the annual Eskom Expo for Young Scientists since 2009, bronze medals in 2011 and 2012 at regionals and in 2010 and 2013 received silver at the regionals. Honorary award for participation in the 3rd National Schools Moot Court Competition from Christof Heyns, internationally renowned academic from the Faculty of Law at the University of Pretoria. He has been a speaker at the annual Polokwane Executive Mayors Cup, a debating league hosted by the Polokwane Municipality; recognised three times at the annual Youthworx and Grace Communion International, Summer Enrichment Program. He has been awarded honours at school for several of his fields of achievement including leadership and sport. Story and photo: Alet-Elize van Jaarsveld &gt;&gt;alet-elize@observer.co.za Featured photo: Shanon Thabane is a multitalented young man who aims to make the world a better place through service and exceptional leadership. &nbsp;